Advanced Magnetics Inc said it
reached a four mln dlrs research and development agreement with
ML TEchnolgy Ventures LP, a limited partnership sponsored by
Merrill LYnch Capital Markets.
    Under the agreement, Advanced Magnetics will develop and
conducts clinical trials of its contrast agents for magnetic
resonance imaging.
    The agreement includes a warrant permitting MLTV to buy up
to 380,000 shares of Advanced Magnetics common stock through
February 1994 at 10.50 dlrs per sahre.
 Reuter

Commodore International Ltd said it
settled and discontinued all pending litigation with Atari
Corp.
    The company issued a statement which said the case had been
settled on terms satisfactory to both sides.
    Company officials were not immediately available for
comment.
 Reuter

GenCorp Inc said it withdrew from
consideration at its annual meeting on March 31 proposals aimed
at providing for a stock split and an increased dividend so
that it could focus its energies on responding to the takeover
offer made last week by a partnership of AFG Industries Inc
&lt;AFG> and Wagner and Brown.
    In addition to proposing an increase in the number of its
outstanding common shares, GenCorp had suggested the adoption
of a classified or "staggered" board and the elimination of
cumulative voting.
    GenCorp said these proposals could "distract energy and
attention from the real task at hand -- to respond to the
tender offer in a manner which is in the best interests of the
company, its shareholders and its other constituencies."
    GenCorp said the proposal to increase its outstanding
shares was made with the aim of declaring a stock split and a
dividend increase.
    The other proposals, it said, would provide for greater
long-term stability and cohesiveness for the GenCorp board.
    The company did not indicate when it might resubmit the
proposals for approval by its shareholders.
 Reuter

U.S. power companies generated a net
47.47 billion kilowatt-hours of electrical energy in the week
ended March 21, up 2.4 pct from 46.36 billion a year earlier,
the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) said.
    In its weekly report on electric output, the electric
utility trade association said electric output in the week
ended March 14 was 48.31 billion kilowatt-hours.
    The EEI said power production in the 52 weeks ended March
21 was 2,557.44 billion kilowatt hours, up 2.1 pct from the
year-ago period.
    Electric output so far this year was 602.26 billion
kilowatt hours, up 2.2 pct from 589.51 billion last year, the
EEI said.
 Reuter

Resorts International Inc
said it received a proposal from &lt;KSZ Co Inc> under which
holders of Resorts class B stock would receive 140 dlrs a share
in cash and one share of common stock in a new company to be
formed through the takeover.
    Under the offer, Resorts said holders of its class A shares
would receive 15 dlrs a share in cash and three shares of
common stock in the new company.
    Resorts said the offer from KSZ calls for a merger of
Resorts with RI Acquisition Co Inc, a newly formed Delaware
corporation.
    Resorts said that prior to the merger, RI Acquisition would
be capitalized with about 100 mln dlrs of debt and about 220
mln dlrs of equity.
    It said 200 mln dlrs of the equity would be in the form of
special preferred stock.
    The KSZ offer, Resorts said, indicates that KSZ has a
commitment from &lt;M. Davies Cos> to buy all of the special
preferred stock.
    Resorts said the offer will expire at 1700 EST on March 27.
It said it asked its investment advisor, Bear, Stearns and Co,
to advise its board on the offer.
    Earlier this month, the estate of James M. Crosby and
certian members of his family agreed to sell their class B
shares to New York real estate tycoon Donald Trump for 135 dlrs
a share. The estate and family members hold 78 pct of the
752,297 class B shares outstanding.
    Trump also agreed to pay 135 dlrs a share for the remaining
class B shares outstanding.
    Resorts also has about 5,680,000 shares of outstanding
class A stock. These shares carry one one-hundredth the voting
power of the class B shares.
    Trump's offer beat out a rival bid of 135 dlrs a share made
by Pratt Hotel Corp &lt;PRAT>.
    Resorts said that under the proposal made by KSZ, existing
class A and class B shareholders would control about 96 pct of
the outstanding common of the new company formed to acquire
Resorts.
    Resorts said the new company, upon completion of the
merger, would hold the 220 mln dlrs of debt and that the
special preferred stock would immediately be converted into
exchangeable participating preferred of the new company.
    This preferred, Resorts said, would pay a dividend based on
the net cash flows from the new company's Paradise Island
operations.
    A Resorts spokesman said the KSZ offer was made in a
two-page letter and that Resorts could not comment on it
because it did not contain enough information. Resorts has
asked Bear, Sterns to obtain complete data, he said.
    The spokesman said Resorts is not familiar with KSZ but
that it believes the company is controlled by Marvin Davis, the
Denver oilman.
    Calls to Davis were referred to Lee Solters, who handles
public relations for Davis. Solters, said to be travelling, was
not immediately available for comment.
    Donald Trump was also unavailable for comment, as was a
spokesman for the Crosby estate.
 Reuter

Shr loss seven cts vs profit five cts
    Net loss 149,421 vs profit 103,120
    Sales 1,698,345 vs 1,920,010
    Six Mths
    Shr loss five cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 100,472 vs profit 191,614
    Sales 3,836,794 vs 3,650,322
 Reuter

Collins Foods International Inc
said it moved up the conversion date for its warrants to
purchase common stock to April 24.
    There are currently 2,160,000 warrants outstanding, the
company said. It said each warrant entitles the holder to buy
one Collins common share at 12.11 dlrs per share.
    Collins also said the warrants were originally scheduled to
expire on December 15, 1988.
    But the agreement under which the warrants were issued
permits the company to accelerate the date if the closing price
of its common stock equals or exceeds 21.78 dlrs per share for
10 consecutive trading days, the company said.
    It also pointed out that the stock price closed at 22.75
dlrs per share on March 23.
 Reuter

Caltex Petroleum Corp said it will
raise
posted prices for naphtha and several grades of residual fuel
in Bahrain, effective March 25.
     Caltex, a joint venture of Chevron Corp &lt;CHV> and Texaco
INC &lt;TX>, said its naphtha posting is up four cts a gallon to
43 cts. It said it is raising its marine diesel oil posting by
30 cts a barrel to 20.24 dlrs a barrel.
    Light, medium, and heavy fuel oil postings are up 1.50 dlrs
a barrel, the company said. This will bring the light fuel oil
price to 16.90 dlrs, medium to 15.50 dlrs, and heavy to 14.60
dlrs, the company said.
 Reuter

Shr loss 56 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 1.9 mln vs loss 164,000
    revs 6.9 mln vs 5.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.15 dlrs vs profit 52 cts
    Net loss 3.8 mln vs profit 1.7 mln
    Revs 25.6 mln vs 29.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net loss includes loss 6.5 mln dlrs for
nonrecurring reserve for closing costs of facility, writeoffs
and sales of real estate.
    
 Reuter

Monolithic Memories Inc
said it plans to discontinue marketing its gate array
integrated circuit product line and focus efforts on the market
for field-programmable products.
    It said the current market dynamics will hinder
profitability in the gate array market for some time.
    Monolithic also said it does not expect the move to have a
negative impact on earnings, adding, the company has estimated
that the gate array products would have contributed only one
pct of revenues in fiscal 1987.
 Reuter

American Telephone and Telegraph Co
said it formed a 600-member sales force dedicated exclusively
to its computers and other data systems products.
    Separately, ATT denied reports that it plans to buy back a
large chunk of its stock. ATT's stock is up 1/4 points at
25-1/8 in heavy trading.
    The company said it also created a separate 500-member team
that will educate the computer sales force and its other sales
groups on ATT's computer products. This group, ATT said,
reports directly to Vittorio Cassoni, senior vice president of
its computer unit. (Corrects sales support team size to 500)

REUTER

McDonnell Douglas Corp (MD) has
received a 30.6 mln dlr contract for work on development of the
standoff land attack missile (SLAM), the Navy said.
 REUTER

Xoma Corp said it filed a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission covering a proposed public offering of 1.3 mln
common shares.
    Xoma, a biotechnology company which produces monoclonal
antibody-based products to treat some forms of cancer, said
proceeds will be used to fund research and product development,
human clinical trials and the expansion of manufacturing
capacity and working capital.
    It said Dillon Read and Co Inc and Alex Brown and Sons Inc
will manage the underwriting.
 Reuter

Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve rose on March 23 to 3.332 billion dlrs from 3.062
billion dlrs on the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 15.513
billion dlrs from 17.257 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 18.845
billion dlrs on March 23 compared with 20.318 billion dlrs on
March 20.
 Reuter

The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has switched 25.0 mln dlrs in wheat credit guarantees to
Jordan under the Export Credit Guarantee Program to the
Intermediate Export Credit Guarantee Program, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The switch reduces the total value of GSM-102 guarantees
for the current fiscal year to 30.0 mln dlrs.
    The credit terms extended for export sales under the
Intermediate Export Credit Guarantee Program (GSM-103) must be
in excess of three years but not more than seven years.
    All sales must be registered and exports completed by
September 30, 1987, the department said.
 Reuter

William Bywater, president of the
International Union of Electronic Workers, called on President
Reagan to retaliate against Japan for unfair practices in
semiconductor trade.
    He said in a statement a crash program was needed in the
semiconductor industry to prevent the United States from
becoming "one of the world's industrial lightweights."
    Bywater's remarks came as the White House Economic Policy
Council prepared for a Thursday meeting to decide what
sanctions if any should be taken against Japan for alleged 
violations of a U.S.-Japanese semiconductors agreement.
    The pact, agreed to last July, called for Tokyo to end
selling semiconductors at below cost and to open its home
market to U.S. goods. In return, Washington agreed to forego
antidumping duties on Japanese semiconductors.
    But U.S. officials have said that while Japan has stopped
dumping in the U.S. market, it has not ended third country
dumping; nor has it opened its market to U.S. semiconductors.
    Japan yesterday, in an effort to ward off U.S. action,
ordered a cutback in semiconductors production as a way to
force prices up and end the dumping.
    Bywater, in his statement, said he backed a Defense Science
Board task force proposal to set up a consortium to develop new
electronic products and manufacturing processes and make the
U.S. industory more competitive.
    But he added the industry could not wait for legislation to
pass and that action was required now to help the depressed
electronic industry.
    Bywater said, "I urge the Reagan Administration to take full
and severe action immediately against Japan by invoking the
retaliatory steps that are permitted under U.S. law and GATT
(General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade)."
 Reuter

USX Corp's USS subsidiary said
that effective with shipments beginning July 1 prices for all
leaded grades and 1200-series grades of hot rolled bar and
semi-finished products from its Lorain, Ohio, facility will be
increased by 15 dlrs a ton over the prices in effect June 1.
    It said the increase is being made to reflect current
market conditions.
 Reuter

The U.S. Treasury said it will sell
12.8 billion dlrs of three and six-month bills at its regular
auction next week.
    The March 30 sale, to be evenly divided between the three
and six month issues, will result in a paydown of 1.2 billion
dlrs as maturing bills total 13.99 billion dlrs.
    The bills will be issued April 2.
 Reuter

Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 15
 Reuter

The chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board, Paul Volcker, has written to the chairman of the House
Banking Committee to raise concerns about legislative proposals
scheduled for consideration Wednesday.
    Volcker told committee chairman Fernand St. Germain a
proposal to deny primary dealer status to firms from countries
that do not grant U.S. firms equal access to their government
debt markets might invite retaliation against U.S. firms
abroad.
    He added, "even Japan, against whom this proposal seems to
be particularly directed," has started opening its markets.
    In his letter, made available at the Treasury, Volcker also
said a proposal to ease debt problems of developing countries
by setting up a public facility to buy their debts owed to
commercial banks, was a problem.
    "I believe that the prospect of debt relief would undermine
the difficult internal efforts of the borrowing countries to
achieve the structural reform that is needed regardless of the
policies that are followed on servicing external debt," Volcker
said.
    It might also cause private lenders to become reluctant to
extend more credit to the borrowing countries, he said.
    Volcker said he endorsed comments by Treasury Secretary
James Baker "about the inappropriateness of using public
resources for purchasing private commercial bank debt, which we
both see as an inherent aspect of the proposed international
debt facility."
    He also said a proposal for establishing formal procedures
for international negotiations on currency exchange rates "is
unrealistic and could well have damaging effects."
    "For example, the bill's directive to intitiate negotiations
in order to achieve a competitive exchange rate for the dollar
-- a matter upon which there can be considerable difference
among analysts -- runs the risk of building up potentially
destabilizing market expectations," Volcker said.
    He recommended "we should not lock ourselves into formalized
procedures for international negotiations" on exchange rates but
instead use other, more flexible means like the recent mmeting
in Paris between U.S. treasury and central bank representatives
and those of major trade allies.
 Reuter

Maryland National Corp, the parent of
Maryland National Bank which earlier this month merged with
American Security Bank, said its shareholders will vote on a
new name for the regional bank holding company at its April 29
annual meeting.
    It said MNC Financial Inc is the proposed new name for the
parent company. The banks merged on March 16, and have combined
assets of about 14 billion dlrs.
    Maryland said the new name only will be used for the parent
and it does not plan to change the names of Maryland National
Bank, American Security Bank or non-bank affiliates.
 Reuter


******API SAYS DISTILLATE STOCKS OFF 4.07 MLN BBLS, GASOLINE OFF 2.69 MLN, CRUDE UP 8.53 MLN
Blah blah blah.



Citicorp expects net income in its
individual banking sector to top one billion dlrs by 1993,
compared with 462 mln dlrs in 1986, said Richard Braddock, head
of Citicorp's individual banking division.
    "We can double our earnings over the next five to seven
years," he told a banking analysts meeting, adding that this
forecast may be on the conservative side.
    He said that bank card operations and the New York branch
system would continue to turn in hefty profits but also picked
out other developing areas, such as U.S. mortgage and
international consumer, as major potential earners.
    Braddock and his sector heads made the following more
specific predictions:
    - Cost of funds and net credit loss levels in the U.S.
bankcard unit will taper off in coming years from 1986's
relatively inflated levels.
    - Customer net revenue in the mortgage banking area will
rise to 464.7 mln dlrs in 1987 from 374.3 mln in 1986.
    - The international consumer business will show 22 pct
compound annual growth in earnings between 1986 and 1992.
    - Private banking earnings will hit 100 mln dlrs in 1987
and top 200 mln dlrs in 1992.
 Reuter

&lt;Health Research and
Management Group> said it has filed for protection under
Chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy law.
    The company said it filed the petitions to reorganize debt
and eliminate contingent liabilities it incurred while
attempting to expand nationally.
    Health Research also said it owes about 750,000 dlrs of its
1.1 mln dlrs in debt to &lt;MedPro Group Inc>, a former jont
venture partner.
    The company added it has asked the Minnesota Department of
Commerce to suspend trading of its common stock pending
dissemination of current financial information.
    Also, the company said George Frisch has been elected
chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer,
replacing Daniel Zismer, who resigned as chairman of the board
and  O. Frederick Kiel, who resigned as president and chief
executive officer.
 Reuter


******U.S. SELLING 12.8 BILLION DLRS OF 3 AND 6-MO BILLS MARCH 30 TO PAY DOWN 1.2 BILLION DLRS
Blah blah blah.



Southmark Corp's National Heritage Inc
said it has started the initial public offering of 2,000,000
shares of common stock at 9.50 dlrs per share.
    It said all shares are being traded though  NASDAQ under
the symbol &lt;NHER>.
    The lead underwriter for the offering is Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc, with Bear, Stearns and Co Inc., and E.F. Hutton
and Co Inc acting as co-underwriters, the company said.
    Proceeds will be used to augment working capital, complete
scheduled renovations at some National Heritage leased
facilities and repay certain debts to Southmark, it said.
 Reuter

Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said he supported efforts to persuade newly-industrialized
countries (NICS) to revalue currencies that are tied to the
dollar in order to help the United States cut its massive trade
deficit.
    "We do need to do something with those currencies or we
will be substituting Japanese products for Taiwanese products,"
or those of other nations with currencies tied to the dollar,
Baldrige told a House banking subcommittee.
    The U.S. dollar has declined in value against the Yen and
European currencies, but has changed very little against the
currencies of some developing countries such as South Korea and
Taiwan because they are linked to the value of the dollar.
    As a result, efforts to reduce the value of the dollar over
the past year and a half have done little to improve the trade
deficits with those countries.
    Baldrige told a House Banking subcommittee that the
Treasury Department was attempting to persuade those countries
to reach agreement with the United States on exchange rates.

 Reuter

Triangle Industries Inc said it began
a previously announced offer to exchange one share of Triangle
common stock for each share of participating preferred stock.
    The offer will expire April 21.
    Triangle said that sales in 1987 will exceed four billion
dlrs.
    For the year ended December 31, 1986, Triangle reported
sales of 2.7 billion dlrs and net income of 47.6 mln dlrs.

 Reuter

Eaton Corp's AIL Division has
received a 53.0 mln dlr contract for jamming system work for
the EA-6B electronic warfare aircraft, the Navy said.
 Reuter

Charter Co, the huge
petrochemical concern in bankruptcy proceedings stemming from
hundreds of dioxin-related claims, said it and all of its
subsidiaries, except the Independent Petrochemical Corp, will
complete their reorganization on March 31.
    It said that on that date, it will deposit with an escrow
agent 288.8 mln dlrs in cash, 66.7 mln dlrs in notes and 31 mln
shares of its common for distribution.
    Company officials were not immediately available for
comment.
    As previously reported, Charter settled dioxin-related
claims for about 1,200 individuals and the state of Missouri,
resolving claims against it and all subsidiaries except
Independent Petrochemical.
    Charter said some of the settlements remain subject to
appeals and final court approvals and resolve claims against
charter and its subsidiaries except Independent Petrochemical.
    It said about 500 individual claims against it and certain
of its units remain pending as disputed claims in bankruptcy
court. It said about 300 of these claims have been filed since
confirmation of the joint plan of reorganization.
    Charter said its two creditors, an equity committee in its
bankruptcy proceedings and &lt;American Financial Corp>, which
will own 50.5 pct of its common after the reorganization, have
waived the requirement that Charter resolve all dioxin-related
claims against it prior to completing its reorganization.
    That requirement excludes claims against Independent
Petrochemical. Charter also said a plan for liquidation of
Independent has been approved by the bankruptcy court and will
be completed after March 31.
    Earlier, Charter reported net income for the year of 153.2
mln dlrs, which included a gain of 28.5 mln dlrs for
discontinued operations and 114.8 mln dlrs for the settlement
of claims in its reorganization proceedings.
    In 1985, it reported earnings of 1,274,000 dlrs, which
included a loss of 36.3 mln dlrs for discontinued operations
and 29.4 mln dlrs for extraordinary items.
    For the fourth quarter, it reported earnings of 118.8 mln
dlrs, including a gain of 28.6 mln dlrs for discontinued
operations and 90.5 mln dlrs mainly for claims settlements. In
the year-ago period, Charter reported a loss of 13 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Nashua Corp said it signed a
letter of intent to purchase &lt;Lin Data Corp>, a private
manufacturer of high-capacity rigid discs for storage of
computer data.
    Under the terms of the letter, Nashua said it will acquire
all classes of Lin stock for 24 mln dlrs. In addition, it said
it will loan Lin 1,200,000 dlrs to support its operations.
    The closing of the sale is set for the second quarter of
1987, the company said.
 Reuter

Gartner Group Inc said it
acquired sole ownership of the COMTEC Market Research Program.
    Gartner said its wholly-owned subsidiary purchased the
interests of its former partners for an aggregate price of
1,125,000 plus a percentage of net sales proceeds on future
sales of certain products.
    Prior to the acquisition, Gartner Group owned one-third in
the COMTEC partnership, it said.
 Reuter

Shr 35 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 2,642,000 vs 3,017,000
    Sales 19.1 mln vs 18.9 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr 69 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 5,178,000 vs 5,299,000
    Sales 35.6 mln vs 33.8 mln
 Reuter

Metalbanc Corp said signed a letter of
intent for a proposed public offering of one mln units,
consisting of four shares of common stock and stock purchase
warrants for two additional shares.
    The units are expected to be sold at between five dlrs and
6.50 dlrs per unit.
 Reuter

A feud among Democrats and
Republicans persisted at the House Budget Committee, stalling
the writing of a fiscal 1988 U.S. budget plan.
    Republicans failed to appear at a drafting session called
by Democratic committee chairman William Gray as a make-up
meeting to end bickering that has delayed budget activity  for
a week and threatens the ability of Congress meeting an April
15 deadline for completing the deficit-cutting budget.
    Republicans told Gray yesterday they would appear today and
participate if the meeting was held behind closed doors.

    He said the Republicans were prepared to make a "good faith"
effort to cooperate if the budget deliberations were held
behind closed doors and not in public as is the normal
procedure.
    However, they failed to appear today and Gray said he had
been told they wanted House Speaker Jim Wright to answer a
series of budget questions posed by House Republican leader Bob
Michel before they would cooperate in budget matters.
     The budget feuding led the Washington Post today to
editorialize that it was childish, similar to an eraser fight
among fourth grade students.
 Reuter

Central bank intervention in the
foreign exchange markets succeeded in staunching the dollar's
losses today, but senior dealers here believe the U.S. currency
is headed for a further retreat.
    Although the intervention was widespread, dealers perceive
that the six major industrial nations have differing levels of
commitment to their recent accord to stabilize currencies.
    Moreover, hard economic realities hold greater sway over
the currency market than central bank intervention and these
argue for a further dollar decline, dealers said.
    "The market can be bigger than the central banks. And
economic fundamentals will always come to the fore," said a
dealer at one major U.S. bank.
    As the dollar dropped to post-World War II lows against the
yen today foreign exchange traders said the Bank of Japan,
Federal Reserve Board and Bank of England intervened in the
markets on behalf of the U.S. currency.
    Reports of the authorities' actions helped the dollar
recover to about 149.45 yen in New York this afternoon from
the post-war low of 148.20 yen in the Far East. But it still
failed to regain Monday's U.S. closing level of 150.00/05 yen.
    Tokyo dealers said the Bank of Japan bought one to 1.5
billion dlrs in Tokyo today and may also have purchased dollars
yesterday in the U.S. via the Federal Reserve.
    Meanwhile, there were strong rumors in New York that the
Fed also bought a modest amount of dollars around 148.50 yen
today. Talk also circulated that the Bank of England purchased
a small amount of dollars for yen.
    The Fed's last confirmed intervention was on January 28
when it bought 50 mln dlrs in coordination with the Bank of
Japan. But on March 11 the Fed also was rumored to have
signalled displeasure with a dollar surge above 1.87 marks.
    The authorities' actions appeared to back up the February
22 Paris pact between the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,
France and Canada under which the nations agreed to cooperate
to foster exchange rate stability around prevailing levels.
    But foreign exchange dealers were not overly impressed by
the authorities' intervention which they said can only soften
extreme moves in the market.
    For one thing, some dealers believed that the Fed's
purchases were done on behalf of the Bank of Japan rather than
for the U.S. central bank's own account, suggesting a rather  
watered-down American commitment to the currency accord.
    The Bank of England's action also was thought to be
completed on behalf of the Japanese central bank, reinforcing
the market's view that Japan is the most resolute of the six
nations in its support of the currency pact.
    "No-one doubts the Bank of Japan is serious. But the other
two central banks seem to be making more token gestures than
anything else," said Chris Bourdain of BankAmerica Corp.
    "I'm not convinced the intervention was concerted," said
Earl Johnson of Harris Trust and Savings Bank in Chicago. 
"It's a yen problem more than anything else."
    Some dealers said a rising wave of trade protectionist
sentiment in the U.S. limits the extent to which the American
authorities can endorse a stronger dollar against the yen.
    "The dollar's break below the key 150 yen level ties the
Treasury's hands behind its back. The U.S. cannot intervene on
its own account because of the strength of protectionism here,"
said Albert Soria of Swiss Bank Corp.
    Such comments reflect the view that the currency markets
are becoming increasingly politicized. Despite official
denials, some traders still feel the U.S. would countenance a
lower dollar to help trim the nation's trade deficit.
    The majority of the 170 billion dlr merchandise trade
deficit in 1986 was with Japan.
    Indeed U.S. Treasury secretary James Baker's comment on
Sunday that the February currency pact had not established
dollar targets was read by the market as a signal to sell the
U.S. currency and kicked off the latest retreat.
    "The dollar still has more room on the downside against the
yen based on the frictions in trade and financial services. The
currency market is becoming very political," said Natsuo Okada
of Sumitomo Bank Ltd.
    Okada expects the dollar to trade between 148 and 150 yen
this week but sees the chance of a drop to 140 yen by the end
of April or early May.
    Even if West Germany and Japan succeed in stimulating their
economies, it may not be enough to solve structural economic
imbalances in the near future, dealers said.
    "Even if Japan and West Germany do expand this year, it
won't be enough to help the trade situation much," said
Bourdain of BankAmerica, who also expects the dollar to drop to
148 yen in the next couple of days.
 Reuter

Eastman Kodak Co said it plans
to sell its 2.3 pct holding in ICN Pharmaceuticals &lt;ICN> and
part of its nine pct holdings in Viratek &lt;VIRA>.
    It said the purpose of the investments had been to lay the
groundwork for the creation of its Nucleic Acid Research
Institute.
    Since that has been achieved, there is no longer any reason
to maintain the equity positions, Kodak said.
    Kodak holds 470,000 sahres of ICN, currently trading at
about 18-3/4 and 700,000 of Viratek, trading at 44.
 Reuter

 said it sold a
master franchise license to one of the largest independent
groups of management consultants in the Caribbean.
    It said that under the master license the group will
operate under the name VR Caribbean Inc and will cover
countries of the Caribbean basin and Central America and Dade
County, Fla.
    Terms of the sale were not disclosed.
 Reuter

Northern Indiana Public Service
Company said it again omitted its quarterly common stock
dividend which would have been payable in May.
    NIPSCO said it has not paid a qtly dividend since December
1985 following an adverse decision by the Indiana Supreme Court
denying amortization of about 191 mln dlrs NIPSCO invested in
its Bailly N-1 project.
 Reuter

A member of the board which
regulates the farm credit system said Congress should plan to
provide at least 800 mln dlrs in fiscal 1988 to bailout the
troubled system, but other members of the board differed.
    Jim Billington, Farm Credit Administration (FCA) board
member told a House Agriculture Appropriations subcommittee
hearing "I feel your subcommittee should plan on providing at
least 800 mln next year to assist the Farm Credit System."
    However, FCA board member Marvin Duncan differed, saying
"it is premature to talk about the cost of a solution until we
know what kind of solution."
    Chairman of the FCA board, Frank Naylor, said it might be
possible to structure a rescue of the system with government
guarantees or a line of credit which requires little or no
upfront government money.
    However, Billington said Congress must provide help
immediately because "this system needs some assurance that it
will get some help."
    The FCA estimates the system could lose up to 1.4 billion
dlrs in 1987, exhausting the remainder of its working capital,
Naylor said.
    The farm credit system is expected to present its own
proposals for government aid to a Senate Agriculture
subcommittee hearing on Thursday.
    Naylor said the Treasury Department is continuing to refine
Reagan administration ideas on how a rescue should be
structured.
    Congressional sources said they hope to begin drafting a
rescue bill for the farm credit system as early as next week.
 Reuter

Shr three cts vs 11 cts
    Net 126,000 vs 434,000
    Revs 84.0 mln vs 80.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,948,731 vs 3,870,511
 Reuter

Brazilian Science and Technology
Minister Renato Archer said Brazil will keep its computer
market closed to foreign goods in order to give its own infant
industry time to develop.
    "Every country establishes laws to protect its interests.
The United States closed their borders at a certain stage to
some foreign goods and therefore protected its industrial
development. Now it is time for Brazil to do likewise," Archer
said at the opening of a national software conference.
    After several meetings, Brazil and the U.S. Have made no
major progress in their computer row, which they have been
trying to resolve for the past 18 months.
    The Reagan administration has objected to Brazil protecting
its computer industry from imports.
 Reuter

Leading U.S. farm state senators are
seeking to insert into the Senate's omnibus trade bill a
provision that would broaden eligibility requirements under the
U.S. Agriculture Department's export enhancement program, EEP,
to include traditional buyers of U.S. farm products, including
the Soviet Union, Senate staff said.
    Under existing criteria, USDA can offer EEP subsidies to
recoup export markets lost to competing nations' unfair trading
practices.
    Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.)
is leading a group of farm state senators in an effort to
broaden the criteria in such a way as to enable Moscow to be
eligible for the subsidies, sources said.
    The senators -- including Senate Finance Committee Chairman
Lloyd Bentsen (D-Tex.), Max Baucus (D-Mont.), David Pryor
(D-Ark.), John Melcher (D-Mont.) and Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) --
also may fold into the trade bill a measure to shield pork
producers and processors from Canadian imports.
    The measure, sponsored by Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa),
would clarify the definition of "industry" in determining whether
or not imports were causing injury to U.S. producers.
    Grassley's bill stems from a 1985 decision by the
International Trade Commission that imports from Canada of live
swine -- but not fresh, chilled and frozen pork -- were harming
U.S. producers.
    The bill's proponents have argued Canada has simply
replaced shipments of live hogs with fresh pork.
 Reuter

Federal Reserve Board Vice Chairman
Manuel Johnson said the dollar has stabilized against other
currencies after action taken by the Fed.
    "We have taken the appropriate action and the dollar has
stabilized," Johnson said after testifying to a House Banking
subcommittee.
    He did not elaborate on the nature of the action nor when
it was taken, but said that it was in the spirit of the
agreement reached by six industrial nations in Paris recently.
    Johnson said the dollar's decline against other currencies
such as the Japanese yen has been gradual.
    Since the accord by the United States, Britain, West
Germany, Japan, France and Canada, foreign exchange markets
have been closely watching for indications of intervention by
central banks to determine the committment by those nations to
their agreement.
    The nations agreed that currency exchange rates were at
about the correct levels when the pact was signed earlier this
year.
 Reuter

Zaire has been authorized to
purchase about 30,000 tonnes of U.S. rice under an existing PL
480 agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It may buy the rice, valued at 5.5 mln dlrs, between March
31 and August 31, 1987, and ship it from U.S. ports by
September 30, the department said.
    The purchase authorization covers the entire quantity of
rice provided under the agreement.
 Reuter

Montreal-based Noverco Inc told the
Securities and Exchange Commission it reduced its stake in
Sceptre Resources Ltd to 1,232,200 shares or 4.8 pct of the
total outstanding.
    Noverco said it sold off 400,500 shares "to reduce the
investment of Noverco in Sceptre."
    "Additional common shares of Sceptre may be sold or
purchased by Noverco, depending upon market conditions," Noverco
said.
 Reuter


******GENCORP BOARD WITHDRAWS PROPOSALS TO STAGGER DIRECTORS TERMS
Blah blah blah.



Sales of U.S.-made cars during
mid-March, the traditional start of the spring selling season,
dropped 3.9 pct behind last year's level, analysts say.
    Automakers sold about 204,000 cars in the March 11-20
selling period, 10,000 fewer than last year. Analysts said the
decline may auger poorly for the rest of the spring season.
    Buyers shied away from the showrooms of American Motors
Corp &lt;AMO>, the target of a 1.5 billion dlr takeover bid from
Chrysler Corp &lt;C>. Analysts said consumers were anxious about
the whether Chrysler will retain some American Motors models,
causing a 62 pct drop in American Motors sales in mid-March.
    Chrysler's mid-March sales fell 3.6 pct.
    "During the spring selling season, you usually look for
some kind of seasonal uplift in sales. It doesn't look like
it's happening," said Joseph Philippi, analyst with E.F. Hutton
and Co.
    "There may be less bloom to the spring selling season this
year than last," one auto company official conceded.
    General Motors Corp &lt;GM>, still working to regain consumer
interest in its cars, led the drop with a 14.8 pct decline.
    Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> sales increased 15.2 pct for the
period. But analysts said the rise compares to a 1986 period
for Ford, leaving it down 10 pct in two years.
    "The total industry (mid-March sales) was slightly less
than expected," the company official said.
    American Motors' decline caught analysts eye. "American
Motors took it on the chin--big," said Philippi.
    Given the prospective takeover by Chrysler, "people might
be a little leary about going to (American Motors) dealers," he
said.
    American Motors sold 790 domestic cars in the period,
meaning each of American Motors 1,050 dealers "is selling a car
about every other day," Philippi said.
    Potential American Motors buyers are afraid their car
models "might disappear," he said.
    Chrysler, in its purchase agreement with American Motors'
majority stockholder &lt;Renault>, has agreed not to undercut
sales of American Motors' new Medallion and Premier cars, made
by Renault.
    On a company by company basis, sales of U.S. made cars from
the March 11 to 20 period were--GM 105,438, down 14.8 pct, Ford
67,672, up 15.2 pct, Chrysler 30,909, down 3.6 pct, American
Motors 790, down 6.2 pct, American Honda 7,447 compared with
5,031, Nissan Motor Corp, 3,358, up 10.7 pct, Volkswagon U.S.
Inc 1,330, down 35 pct.
 Reuter

Kirschner Medical corp said it
completed the acquisition of Minnesota Mining and
Manufacturing's &lt;MMM> orthopedic metal implant line division.
    The acquisition price is 12.0 mln dlrs in cash, a six mln
dlr three year note and 100,000 shares of Kirschner common
stock.
    The division had sales of 11.3 mln dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter


******U.S. 2-YEAR NOTE AVERAGE YIELD 6.43 PCT, STOP 6.44 PCT, AWARDED AT HIGH YIELD 85 PCT
Blah blah blah.



Exxon Co USA of Houston has been
awarded a 99.2 mln dlr contract for jet fuel, the Defense
Logistics Agency said.
 Reuter


******EASTMAN KODAK CO TO SELL HOLDINGS IN ICN PHARMACEUTICALS AND VIRATEK INC
Blah blah blah.




******FED'S JOHNSON SAYS DOLLAR STABILIZED AFTER FED TOOK APPROPRIATE ACTION
Blah blah blah.



Republic American Corp said it
began an offer to exchange a new issue of 9-1/2 pct
subordinated debentures due 2002 for a portion of its common
stock.
    Republic said it is offering to acquire its stock at a rate
of 17.50 dlrs principal amount of debentures per common share.
    The offering, which expires on April 27 unless extended, is
for up to 2,250,000 shares, with the company reserving the
right to accept three mln shares, Republic also said.
 Reuter

 said it acquired
all the assets of &lt;Business Aviation Inc> of Sioux Falls, S.D.,
for an undisclosed amount of stock.
    Midivest said it expects to sell 10 to 20 of the renovated
Beechcraft planes next year. It said management will also lease
these airborne intensive care units to hospitals and government
subdivisions through Metropolitan Leasing, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Midivest.
 Reuter

Inland Steel Industries and
Governor Robert Orr of Indiana said the new joint venture cold-
rolled steel plant between Inland Steel and Nippon Steel Corp
will be built on a site in St. Joseph County Indiana.
    Inland Steel said yesterday that the joint venture, to be
named I/N Tek, will cost more than 400 mln dlrs and will employ
over 200 people by the time the companies complete the project
in 1990.
 Reuter


******RESORTS INTERNATIONAL GETS BUYOUT PROPOSAL FROM KSZ CO INC
Blah blah blah.



Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 18
 Reuter

Interleukin-2 Inc said the
registration of warrants became effective March 20 and that 3.5
mln warrants will be convertible into 1.75 mln shares of the
company's common stock, giving the company a maximum of 2.4 mln
dlrs.
    The warrants must be exercised by June 22.
 Reuter

U.S. corn acreage this year is 
likely to drop to the lowest level since the unsurpassed
acreage reductions of the 1983 PIK year and could rank as one
of the lowest corn plantings in the United States in sixty
years, Agriculture Department officials said.
    USDA releases its official plantings report on March 31.
Agriculture Department analysts said next week's figures will
likely show a sharp drop in acreage to as low as 65 mln acres,
down 22 pct from last year's plantings of 83.3 mln acres.
    Assuming an 18 mln acre drop in plantings, U.S. corn
production will also decrease significantly. Analysts said 1987
corn production could drop by over one billion bushels to
around seven billion bushels.
    Expected signup of up to 90 pct in the 1987 feed grains
program, along with 1.9 mln acres enrolled in the conservation
program, will cause acreage to plummet, Department feedgrain
analysts said.
    "There's no question that there will be a sharp decrease in
corn acreage," one said. "It's difficult for any farmer to not
go along with the program this year."
    Soybean acreage is also expected to decline this year but
at a much slower rate of around four pct, USDA analysts said.
    Soybean plantings could drop to 59 mln acres or below, they
said, compared to last year's level of 61.5 mln acres.
    If analysts' unofficial estimates prove correct then the
drop in u.s. corn acreage will be the largest since 1983 when
farmers idled 22 mln acres in the Payment-In-Kind program.
    Farmers planted only around 60 mln acres of corn in 1983. A
severe drought that summer in major producing states caused
yields to tumble and final crop production to total only 4.2
billion bushels.
    Given normal weather conditions this year, USDA analysts
said the 1987 corn crop could end up around seven billion
bushels, down from last year's crop of 8.3 billion bushels.
    "This kind of acreage reduction will mean a significant
reduction in production," an analyst said.
    A crop of seven billion bushels is close to the annual U.S.
corn usage, so surplus stocks, while not decreasing, would not
increase significantly, a specialist said.
    High producing corn belt states are expected to show the
greatest acreage reductions, based upon historical
participation in government programs, analysts said.
    In contrast, soybean acreage is likely to be cut the most
in marginal producing areas of the southeast and the western
corn belt, a USDA soybean analyst said.
    "Soybean acreage in the eastern corn belt will not budge,"
he said. Neither does he expect any significant acreage cuts in
higher-producing delta areas.
    Soybean production could drop fractionally from last year's
2.0 billion bushels to 1.8 to 1.9 billion, he said.
    U.S. soybean acreage, after soaring to 71.4 mln acres in
1979 from only 52 mln acres five years prior to that, has
steadily declined in the 1980's.
    U.S. corn acreage, with the exception of 1983, has been in
the low to mid 80-mln acre range for the past 10 years. The
highest corn plantings reported in the 60 years that USDA has
kept such records was in 1932 when farmers planted 113 mln
acres and obtained average yields of 26.5 bushels per acre.
    Last year U.S. farmers obtained record corn yields
averaging 119.3 bushels per acre.
    "We have absolutely no trouble producing an eight billion
bushel crop on only 80 mln acres or so," an analyst said.
    Corn acreage will probably level at around 65 mln acres as
long as government program provisions remain the same, analysts
said.
    Currently farmers enrolling in the program are required to
set aside 20 pct of their base acreage and then are eligible
for payments of two dlrs per bushel by idling an additional 15
pct of their acreage.
    "To get to the PIK level of 60 mln acres, we would have to
provide more incentives," an analyst said.
 Reuter

Bull and Bear Group A said it lowered
its monthly dividends on three of its funds.
    It said it lowered its Tax Free Income Fund &lt;BLTFX> to 10.3
cts from 10.6 cts; its U.S. Government Guaranteed Securities
Fund &lt;BBUSX> to 11.5 cts from 11.8 cts; and its High Yield Fund
&lt;BULHX> to 14 cts from 14.2 cts.
    All dividends are payable March 31 to shareholders of
record March 25, the company said.
 Reuter

 has joined investors
suing former Wall Street speculator Ivan Boesky, alleging it
was deceived into putting money into his one billion dlr
investment partnership in 1986.
    Guinness, the largest limited partner in Ivan F. Boeksy and
Co. L.P., is the latest to file suit in federal court in
Manhattan against Boesky, court papers show.
    About 40 other investors have also filed suit over similar
allegations, including that Boesky did not reveal his illegal
insider trading activities.
    Guinness is charging it was induced to join in the Boesky
partnership through a prospectus that contained "material untrue
statements and omissions."
    The suit also alleged that the Boesky Corporation, which
became a part in the formation of the investment partnership,
Ivan F. Boesky and Co., L.P., "had achieved its extraordinary
rates of return as a result of trading on inside information
and other violations of the securities laws."
    In addition, the suit charged that Boesky and other
defendants unlawfully "schemed with and provided substantial
assistance to one another to evade the registration provisions"
of securities law.
 Reuter

Vermont Financial Services
Corp said its board approved a regular 20 cts per share cash
dividend payable April 25 to shareholders of record March 26.
 Reuter

The National Association of Securities
Dealers, which will launch a search for a new president later
this week, will probably concentrate on candidates with an
extensive background in the financial markets, officials of the
organization said today.
    Gordon Macklin, 58, who has served as president for 17
years, today announced his decision to leave the organization
of 6,658 broker-dealers. Macklin will join Hambrecht and Quist
as chairman and co-chief executive officer.
    Association chairman Joseph Hardiman will appoint a search
committee later this week.
    The committee will have its first meeting as early as next
week. The new president is expected to be someone knowledgable
about the over-the-counter markets and committed to the concept
of self-regulation.
    Macklin joined the association as president in 1970,
leaving a position at McDonald and Co.
    The National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
Quotations System, which currently lists 5200 securities of
4400 companies, was ushered in 10 months after Macklin's
arrival.
 Reuter

The Association of Professional Flight
Attendants announced today that it was seeking a court order
prohibiting any additional actions by AMR Corp's American
Airlines restricting the right of its members to communicate
with the public.
    Patt A. Gibbs, president of the 10,000-member APFA, said
the union took the action following the firing of 17 flight
attendants who had been handing out information brochures at
American's terminals at the Dallas-Fort Worth airport.
    The union has been negotiating for a new contract with the
American Airlines for the past seven months. The union is
seeking abolishment by the airline of a two-tier wage system
for flight attendants.
    Gibbs said at a press conference today that American had
fired seven flight attendants "on the spot" last Sunday, and by
Monday a total of 17 had been fired.
 Reuter

Montomgery Ward and Co, a subsidiary of
Mobil Corp, said it named John Weil as president of its Apparel
Group, replacing Richard Bourret, who has resigned.
    It said Weil has been a consultant to the company since
1986.
 Reuter


******CYCLOPS CORP SAYS CYACQ'S AMENDED OFFER RESTATES ORIGINAL CONDITIONS
Blah blah blah.




******BORG-WARNER SAYS IT DISCUSSED POSSIBLE TAKEOVER WITH IRWIN JACOBS
Blah blah blah.



Apache Corp said it filed with the
Securities Exchange Commission a 100 mln dlr convertible
subordinated debenture offering.
    It said the offering will be underwritten by Smith Barney,
Harris Upham and Co Inc, E.F. Hutton and Co Inc, Morgan Stanley
and Co Inc, Dean Witter Reynolds Inc and Piper, Jaffray and
Hopwood Inc and will provide a security convertible into Apache
at any time prior to maturity in the year 2012 unless redeemed
earlier by the company.
    In connection with the offering, Apache said preliminary
results for the first two months of 1987 reflected a loss of
about 600,000 dlrs, or three cts a share, on consolidated
revenues of 33 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr loss 98 cts vs loss 1.11 dlrs
    Net loss 3,863,000 vs loss 3,483,000
    Revs 1,081,000 vs 799,000
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter

Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter

 said it will
cut its capital spending by 36.4 pct to 105 billion yen in the
year starting April 1 from a year earlier due to the
postponement of furnace improvements.
    &lt;Nisshin Steel Co Ltd> said it will spend 10.7 billion yen
in 1987/88 for rationalisation and facility improvements, down
from 32.1 billion a year earlier, after completion of large
construction projects in 1986/87.
    But capital spending by Nippon Kokan K.K. &lt;NKKT.TOK> to
improve and increase its production facilities will rise to
94.90 billion yen from 64 billion, the company said.
 REUTER

The Ferruzzi Group's holding company
Agricola Finanziara SpA will pay 630 mln dlrs for the European
corn wet milling business of CPC International Inc under the
agreement reached in principle between the two companies, a
statement by Ferruzzi released by its Brussels office said.
    When CPC announced the agreement yesterday in New York, it
said only that the price would be in excess of 600 mln dlrs.
    Ferruzzi said the deal is subject to agreement on several
clauses of the contract and needs government authorisations.
    It said the deal would involve 13 starch factories
employing about 5,000 people in eight European Community
countries plus facilities and commercial operations in other EC
states.
    The factories have a capacity to produce the equivalent of
1.6 mln tonnes of starch in starch and by-products a year, or
about one third of EC production, from about 2.7 mln tonnes of
cereals.
    Ferruzzi said the acquisition of these assets would extend
its presence in the European agro-industrial industry both
geographically and in terms of products.
    It said it is already the principal EC producer of sugar
and of soya oil and cake, and the major cereal trader.
    It noted that EC output of isoglucose is subject to maximum
quotas, of which CPC currently holds a 25 pct share, and said
it foresaw an increase in other industrial uses of starch in
the future, notably in the production of ethanol for fuel.
    Raul Gardini, president of the Ferruzzi Group, said the
present management of the CPC milling business will be asked to
remain in their posts.
 REUTER


******Japan Trade Ministry asks trade houses, exporters to reduce dlr sales, sources
Blah blah blah.




said net profit of its U.S. Operating company, BASF Corp, rose
last calendar year to 105 mln dlrs from 39 mln in 1985.
    Turnover rose by by more than one billion dlrs to 3.6
billion, the parent company said in a statement. The rise,
however, partly reflected the inclusion of the first full
business year of three acquisitions made in 1985. Excluding
these, BASF Corp turnover rose four pct from 1985.
    Acquisitions were the high-performance connecting materials
operations of Celanese Corp, Inmont Corp bought from United
Technologies and American Enka bought from AKZO NV &lt;AKZO.AS>.
    BASF said it expected a U.S. Investment of 240 mln dlrs in
1987, part of a five-year programme totalling one billion.
    U.S. Projects completed in 1986 included the second acrylic
acid plant in Freeport, Texas, a technical centre in
Southfield, Michigan, in which paint lines from automotive
plants can be refitted, and the new agricultural research
centre in Research Triangle Park in Durham, North Carolina.
    BASF said that work this year had begun in Geismar,
Louisiana, on plants for production of special amines and
polytetrahydrofuran, as well as for expansion of capacity for
producing tetrahydrofuran.
 REUTER

 said it will
undertake a full feasibility study of Western Australia's Big
Bell gold prospect.
    Results of an economic evaluation of the find, in which
Placer has an option with &lt;Australian Consolidated Minerals
Ltd> (ACM) to earn a 50 pct interest, were encouraging enough
to warrant a full study, Placer said in a statement.
    Big Bell, in the Murchison goldfield 540 km north east of
Perth, was founded in 1904. Between 1937 and 1955 it yielded
22.8 tonnes of gold and 7.8 tonnes of silver while milling
about 30,000 tonnes of ore a month.
    Placer has said the prospect has an estimated 14 mln tonnes
of ore with a three-gram-per-tonne concentration accessible by
open-pit mining and a further 4.5 mln tonnes with a
4.4-gram-a-tonne concentration between 300 and 600 meters
underground.
    It said it was obliged to produce the feasibility study no
later than December 31 this year by which time it would have
spent three mln dlrs on Big Bell.
    If the results are positive and a commitment to develop
made then construction would take about 12 months, Placer said.
 REUTER

The West German Cabinet approved a plan to
mint a special 10-mark coin commemorating the 30th anniversary
of the European Community this year.
    The silver-copper alloy coin will be minted in an edition
of 8.35 mln, a Finance Ministry statement said.
 REUTER

Talks between Cargill U.K. Ltd's
management and unions, aimed at ending the prolonged strike at
its Seaforth oilseed processing plant, will resume this
afternoon, a company spokesman said.
    Yesterday's session failed to reach a compromise but some
progress was made, he said.
 REUTER

Fried. Krupp GmbH said its
Krupp Industrietechnik GmbH subsidiary has won a 130 mln marks
joint order with Samsung Shipbuilding and Heavy Industries Co.
Ltd of Seoul for a steel works in Pohang, South Korea.
    It said the order, awarded by the Pohang Iron and Steel Co.
Ltd, involves a works due to go on stream in 1989 producing
250,000 tonnes of non-corrosive quality steels annually.
    The consortium partners will supply the plant, supervise
its construction and advise on product processing, with Krupp
providing a 100-tonne capacity arc furnace and a converter for
steel refining.
    The West German company will supply ladles, vehicles,
electrical and exhaust cooling apparatus and dust filters. It
will also fit out the plant's laboratory.
    Among other things Krupp said it will provide know-how for
all production phases and train the Korean workforce.
    It said Samsung will take care of the Korean part of the
engineering and electrical work, the water treatment and other
mechanical equipment, according to Krupp basic engineering.
    Extruded ingots from the plant will be converted to sheet
in an existing hot rolling mill. The sheet will be processed in
facilities which are to be erected, Krupp said.
 REUTER

Papua New Guinea
(PNG) provides the most exciting new prospect in the
Asia-Pacific region for oil production, energy analyst Fereidun
Fesharaki said here.
    The recent successful find at Iagifu is likely to put PNG
on the list of major oil exporters by the early 1990s, he told
the Australian Petroleum Exploration Association annual
conference.
    Fesharaki, leader of the Energy Program at the East-West
Center in Honolulu, Hawaii, was speaking on the Asia-Pacific
petroleum outlook.
    With domestic demand of around 12,000 barrels per day (bpd)
and prospects of production of over 100,000 bpd by late 1991,
PNG would become an Ecuador-level crude exporter, Fesharaki
said.
    The Iagifu wells in the Papuan Basin have recorded the best
oil flows in more than 60 years of exploration in PNG.
    The PNG government's Geological Survey in a paper
distributed at the conference estimates Iagifu reserves at
about 500 mln barrels.
    PNG enjoys the most liberal tax regime in the region with
no secondary taxes, Fesharaki said.
    "We expect a much larger oil search in Papua New Guinea, and
discovery of much larger volumes of oil, similar in quality to
(light) Bass Strait crude," Fesharaki said.
    There are also large pockets of high quality condensates to
be produced, notably in the Juha field near Iagifu which is
capable of producing 30,000 to 40,000 bpd, he said.
    But prices should be somewhat higher than the present
levels to justify development of the Juha field, he said.
    The PNG Geological Survey paper noted there are five large
prospective but little-explored sedimentary basins in PNG.
 REUTER

Qtly div 26 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: One Valley Bancorp of West Virginia Inc.
 Reuter

Shr 31 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 3,516,000 vs 2,972,000
    Revs 40.0 mln vs 36.3 mln
    Avg shrs 11.4 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 10.0 mln vs 8,146,000
    Revs 116.8 mln vs 105.0 mln
    Avg shrs 11.3 mln vs 11.1 mln
 Reuter

, (BIL),
said its offer of 4.20 N.Z. Dlrs per share for supermarket
group &lt;Progressive Enterprises Ltd> still stands, although
&lt;Rainbow Corp Ltd> said today it has 52 pct of Progressive.
    BIL said in a statement it will review events on a daily
basis.
    Rainbow announced earlier that it had increased its stake
in Progressive to 52 pct from 44 pct through the purchase of
9.4 mln shares at between 3.80 and 4.80 N.Z. Dlrs per share.
    BIL chief executive Paul Collins said: "All Rainbow has done
is to outlay a substantial amount of cash to purchase shares
from parties who presumably were supportive of the merger."
    Rainbow has proposed a merger with Progressive to form a
new company, &lt;Astral Pacific Corp Ltd>. Under the merger,
shareholders in both Progressive and Rainbow will be issued
shares in the new company on a one-for-one basis.
    "Quite simply, Rainbow should now bid for the balance of
Progressive Enterprises at 4.80 N.Z. Dlrs per share," Collins
said.
 Reuter

Norway has offered 10 new offshore blocks
to foreign and domestic applicants in the first phase of the
country's eleventh concession round, government officials said.
    Company shares in each of the licences proposed by the Oil
and Energy Ministry are not final. The ministry has given the
companies 10 days to accept or decline the proposed shares.
    French companies Ste Nationale Elf Aquitaine &lt;ELFP.PA> and
Total Cie Francaise des Petroles &lt;TPN.PA>, which were expected
to receive operatorships following France's agreement last
autumn to purchase gas from Norway's Troll field, were not
offered operatorships in this round, industry sources said.
    Three eleventh round blocks were awarded in the
Haltenbanken exploration tract off central Norway, including
the Smoerbukk West field where Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap A/S
&lt;STAT.OL> (Statoil) was appointed operator.
    Statoil will share the licence with subsidiaries of U.S.
Oil companies Tenneco Inc &lt;TGT.N> and Texas Eastern Corp
&lt;TET.N> and the Italian oil company &lt;Agip SpA>'s Norwegian
subsidiary.
    E.I. Du Pont de Nemours &lt;DD.N> subsidiary Conoco Norway Inc
was named operator on Haltenbanken block 6406/8 and will share
the licence with Statoil.
    Norsk Hydro A/S &lt;NHY.OL> will operate nearby block 6407/10
with partners Statoil, Norsk Agip A/S, Royal Dutch/Shell
Group's &lt;RD.AS> A/S Norske Shell and &lt;Deminex> unit Deminex
(Norge) A/S.
    Statoil has been offered the operatorship on a new block in
the relatively unexplored Moere South exploration area south of
Haltenbanken, with A/S Norske Shell, Texas Eastern and
&lt;Petroleo Brasileiro SA> (Petrobras) also offered stakes in the
block.
    Norwegian companies landed operatorships on all six blocks
opened in the Barents Sea area off northern Norway. The blocks
were awarded in three licenses, each covering two blocks.
    Statoil will head exploration on blocks 7224/7 and 7224/8,
sharing the licence with Exxon Corp's &lt;XON.N> Norwegian
subsidiary Esso Norge A/S, The British Petroleum Co PLC's
&lt;BP.L> BP Petroleum Development (Norway) Ltd, Shell, Norsk
Hydro and Saga Petroleum A/S &lt;SAGP.OL>.
    Blocks 7219/9 and 7220/7 were awarded to Norsk Hydro, the
operator, Statoil, Mobil Corp's &lt;MOB.N> Mobil Exploration
Norway, Petrofina SA's &lt;PETB.BR> Norske Fina A/S and BP.
    The third Barents Sea licence, covering blocks 7124/3 and
7125/1, went to Saga Petroleum A/S, the operator, Statoil,
Atlantic Richfield Co's &lt;ARC.N> Arco Norge A/S, Total Marine
Norge A/S and Amerada Hess Corp &lt;AHC.N>.
    The oil ministry withheld awards on four strategic blocks
included in the eleventh round's second phase.
    The ministry is accepting applications for phase two blocks
until early April and the awards will likely be announced this
summer, officials said.
 REUTER

Shr profit 1.17 dlrs vs loss 12 cts
    Net profit 11.3 mln vs loss 1,038,000
    Revs 104.6 mln vs 128.7 mln
    NOTE: Current year net includes gain 9,500,000 dlrs from
the sale of its specialty restaurants unit, charge 1,200,000
dlrs from addition to insurance reserves, 4,600,000 dlr tax
credit and 660,000 dlr charge from debt repayment.
 Reuter

Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April Eight
 Reuter

Feb 28 end
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,122,000
    Sales 36.7 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,517,000 vs 8,441,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in August
1986.
 Reuter

Commonwealth Realty Trust said
preliminary merger talks with Bay Financial Corp have been
terminated due to a failure to agree on terms.
 Reuter

 said it
had agreed in principle to buy &lt;I P Sharp Associates Ltd> of
Toronto for 30.4 mln stg.
    Sharp is a time-sharing network and database company
specialising in finance, economics, energy and aviation. It
operates a global packet-switching network and global limits
systems for foreign exchange trading.
    Sharp shareholders will be offered cash, shares or a
mixture of the two in settlement. The acquisition, which is
subject to Canadian government approval, would be through
amalgamation into a specially-created company.
    Reuters said it had been given options by a number of Sharp
shareholders covering 67 pct of the common stock pending
completion of a Reuters review of the company.
    Sharp operates 38 offices in 20 countries. In 1986 it
reported revenue of 55 mln Canadian dlrs with a pretax loss of
1.6 mln compared with a 1.9 mln profit in 1985.
    However, Sharp said that internal accounts showed the
company was in profit in the first two months of 1987.
    End-1986 net assets totalled 11.85 mln dlrs.
    A Reuters statement said the acquisition would fit
perfectly into its package for the banking and securities
industries.
 Reuter

&lt;Consolidated Norex Resources
Ltd> said it agreed to acquire all issued and outstanding
shares of Triweb Resources Ltd, a privately held oil and gas
company with land holdings and production base in Alberta and
Saskatchewan.
    The company said specific details relating to purchase
price and other terms will be released on closing of the
transaction, expected by May 15.
 Reuter

1st qtr Feb 28 end
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,122,000
    Sales 39.7 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,517,000 vs 8,441,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in August
1986.
    Company corrects current year sales.
 Reuter

Shr 33 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,266,000 vs 849,000
    Revs 24.1 mln vs 16.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr 61 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 4,236,000 vs 1,619,000
    Revs 47.4 mln vs 33.5 mln
    NOTE: Share after stock splits.
    Net includes discontinued operations loss four cts shr vs
nil in quarter and loss seven cts vs gain one ct in half.
 Reuter

 said it would exercise its
right to acquire &lt;Trimac Ltd>'s stake in their jointly owned
Tricil Ltd for 91 mln dlrs, with closing expected May 22.
    C-I-L added that the final price could be less, however,
depending on an Ontario court ruling resulting from a
previously reported legal action launched by C-I-L.
    Mississauga, Ontario-based Tricil is a waste management
company with operations in the U.S. and Canada.
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve will purchase
approximately one billion dlrs of U.S. Treasury bills for a
customer after the Treasury's auction of four-year notes, a Fed
spokesman said.
    The spokesman said the Fed intends to purchase bills
maturing in up to six months.
    Dealers said Federal funds were trading at 6-3/16 pct when
the Fed announced the operation. Many had expected to Fed to
buy bills for itself, thereby adding permanent reserves to the
banking system. Since it did not do so today, this Fed move is
likely tomorrow.
 Reuter

Continental Health
Affiliates Inc said it repurchased about 30 pct of its June
1985 Swiss franc convertible bond offering at prices below par.
    The company said it continues to hedge the balance and seek
opportunities to repurchase below par an increasing percentage
of the bond issue.
    Continental said it operates and has under development
1,943 nursing home beds and 404 residential health care beds.
It said that by sustaining its growth momentum, these numbers
could more than double by the end of the year.
 Reuter

NMS Pharmaceuticals Inc
said it has launched a new over-the-counter urinary blood test
that will be sold through drugstores soon.
    The test, called EZ Detect Urinary Blood Test, detects
minute amounts of blood in the urine that cannot be detected by
the naked eye.
    It has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
 Reuter


******MIAMI-Brazil and bank advisory committee agree to 60-day extension on credit lines
Blah blah blah.



A strong performance by its retail
businesses and affiliates will enable Jardine Matheson Holdings
Ltd &lt;JARD.HKG> to report on Friday a big leap in net profit in
1986, stock analysts said.
    They told Reuters they expect the firm to show earnings of
between 420 mln and 450 mln H.K. Dlrs last year against 157 mln
in 1985.
    The analysts also said they expect Jardine Matheson to pay
a total dividend of 15 to 20 cents a share against 10 cents a
share in 1985.
    James Capel (Far East) Ltd estimates Jardine Matheson's
1986 profits at 450 mln dlrs and attributes most of the income
to retail sales.
    Analysts said the group's 7-Eleven retail stores and its
franchises, among them Canon cameras, Christian Dior luxury
goods and Mercedes Benz cars, produced a strong cash flow.
    Alan Hargreaves of Hoare Govett Asia Ltd also put Jardine
Matheson's 1986 net profits at 450 mln dlrs and said he
estimates pre-tax earnings from retail operations at about 465
mln dlrs against 339 mln in 1985.
    But Hargreaves said Jardine Matheson's earnings from its 35
pct stake in Hong Kong Land Co Ltd &lt;HKLD.HKG> will fall to
about 230 mln dlrs from 281 mln dlrs in 1985.
    The reduced contribution reflects the spin-off from Hong
Kong Land of &lt;Dairy Farm International Ltd> last September.
    Jardine gained a direct holding of 35 pct of Dairy Farm as
a result of the spin-off. Analysts said Jardine will book
revenues from its Dairy Farm stake for the final months of the
year as part of its retail business, which will increase its
overall retail income figures.
    Analysts said Jardine Matheson will also enjoy sharply
increased revenues from financial services, mainly its 50 pct
share of &lt;Jardine Fleming Holdings Ltd>.
    Jardine Fleming yesterday reported record profits for 1986
of 209.5 mln dlrs against 104.7 mln in 1985.
    Analysts said Jardine Matheson made net interest payments
of about 200 mln dlrs last year, slightly below the 213 mln
dlrs of 1985, while the company's term debt remained at about
the 1985 level of 2.7 billion dlrs.
    But Jardine was also subject to increased taxes of 340 mln
dlrs last year against 292 mln in 1985, they said.
    Jardine Matheson is undergoing a series of reorganisations
that will in effect turn it into a holding company for its
diverse interests.
    It previously announced a plan to sell its stakes in both
Hong Kong Land and Dairy Farm to newly created &lt;Jardine
Strategic Holdings Ltd> in which it has a 41 pct interest.
    A company statement issued last month said the firm will
use the proceeds to repay all debt, leaving it with an
additional 500 mln dlrs in cash on hand.
    Though Jardine Matheson will be deprived of a direct stake
in the high-yield Hong Kong Land and Dairy Farm units, it is
likely to develop its own business, analysts said.
    "The future of the stock will depend on the firm's ability
to creatively structure some new acquisitions," said Hargreaves
of Hoare Govett.
    He noted the firm has suggested financial services as a key
sector, and he said it may add some insurance firms to its
existing business.
 REUTER

Deutsche Babcock AG
&lt;DBCG.F> said its wholly-owned Borsig GmbH subsidiary has won a
78 mln mark order to build a conventional power station block
for Venezuela's state-owned electricity company CADAFE.
    It said the installation, which can be powered by oil or
gas, should go on stream at the end of 1988.
 REUTER

Shr net basis 24.8p vs 24.5p
    Shr nil basis 22.7p vs 20.9p
    Div 5p making 7.6p vs 6.5p
    Pretax profit 57.78 mln stg vs 50.61 mln
    Net after tax 37.47 mln vs 36.49 mln
    Outside shareholders interests 1.75 mln vs 1.32 mln
    Extraordinary debit 370,000 vs 1.93 mln
    Turnover 533.59 mln vs 555.81 mln
    Profit breakdown by activity -
    Electrical equipment 28.59 mln stg vs 27.60 mln
    Engineering 10.75 mln vs 11.13 mln
    Industrial services 18.78 mln vs 16 mln
    Corporate finance 340,000 vs 4.12 mln
    Making total pre-tax profit 57.78 mln vs 50.61 mln.
 REUTER

Singapore's gross domestic product
will grow six pct in the first quarter and five pct in the
second quarter this year, with further growth expected in the
second half, Trade and Industry Minister Lee Hsien Loong told
parliament.
    The figures compared with 3.4 pct contraction and 1.2 pct
growth respectively for the first and second quarters of 1986.
    The estimates were based on a tentative leading indicator
incorporating new business orders, company inventories and
share prices used by his ministry, Lee said, without giving
further details of the new indicator.
    Singapore's economy grew 1.9 pct last year, after shrinking
1.8 pct in 1985. The government has forecast growth rate of
three to four pct for 1987.
 REUTER

 said it would
establish a joint venture with Phillips Petroleum Co. In Europe
to manufacture a high performance engineering thermoplastic.
    Initially, the Swiss chemicals firm will manufacture
polyphenylene sulfide compounds using resins from Phillips.
    The two firms will later set up a joint venture to produce
the polyphenylene resins and compounds, which will be marketed
independently under their respective trademarks. A Ciba-Geigy
spokesman declined to say how much the venture would cost.
    Polyphenylene sulfide is widely used in the electronic,
automotive, and petroleum fields.
 REUTER

Considerable uncertainty surrounds the
outcome of today's EC white sugar tender, traders here said,
noting it remains overshadowed by European operator threats to
move over 800,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention.
    They said that due to the dispute between the Commission
and producers over the issue, it is not clear whether the
Commission will authorise any exports at all or grant licences
on a large tonnage.
    The subsidy is seen being set above 45.00 Ecus per 100
kilos, although traders are reluctant to predict a precise
level after prices fell yesterday.
    Earlier, traders in Paris said they expected the Commission
to award licences for around 50,000 tonnes of white sugar with
a maximum export rebate of 45.75 to 46.0 Ecus.
    Last week, the Commission granted licences to end August on
60,500 tonnes of whites at a maximum rebate of 44.819.
 REUTER

Abu Dhabi's offshore Abu al-Bukhoosh
oilfield in the Gulf, shut since an aerial attack last
November, will reopen when new anti-aircraft defences are
ready, and this could be in the next two months, oil industry
sources said.
    They said the Abu Dhabi government and Compagnie Francaise
des Petroles (Total) &lt;TPN.PA>, whose Total Abu al-Bukhoosh
subsidiary owns 51 pct of the field, have agreed on the
reopening, but that a date has not been definitely fixed.
    Unidentified planes hit the field, 100 miles off Abu Dhabi,
last November 25.
    The raid killed eight workers and destroyed the main living
quarters and a bridge linking a wellhead to the main production
platform.
    Western diplomats in the region say Iran was responsible
but Tehran has blamed its Gulf War enemy Iraq.
    Abu al-Bukhoosh was producing 57,000 barrels per day (bpd)
at the time of the attack, but the sources said it would resume
at a maximum of half that level because of reduced staff and
the fact only four of five wellheads were now operable.
    The sources said only 80 personnel can be housed in
remaining accomodations, the sources said.
    Facilities being installed to protect the field include
aircraft detection equipment, anti-aircraft missiles, housing
for military personnel and helicopter landing pads, the sources
said.
    Abu Dhabi is the largest oil producer in the United Arab
Emirates, accounting for about 800,000 bpd of its total 1.15
mln bpd production, the sources said.
    They also said Iran was working to reopen its Sassan field,
part of the same reservoir as Abu al-Bukhoosh and located only
a few miles away. Sassan was heavily damaged by an Iraqi air
raid only 10 days before Abu al-Bukhoosh was attacked.
 REUTER

 said it has
lifted its stake in supermarket group &lt;Progressive Enterprises
Ltd> to 52 pct from 44 pct.
    It said in a statement it has bought an extra 9.4 mln
shares at prices ranging from 3.80 N.Z. Dlrs to 4.80.
    Progressive is currently the subject of both a proposed
merger with Rainbow and a full takeover bid from &lt;Brierley
Investments Ltd> (BIL). The BIL bid, launched on Monday, is at
4.20 dlrs a share. The Rainbow merger involves shareholders in
both Rainbow and Progressive being issued shares in a new
company, &lt;Astral Pacific Corp Ltd>, on a one-for-one basis.
    Rainbow chief executive Craig Heatley said, "In our opinion
BIL's actions over the last few days have been undertaken for
their own strategic purposes which conflict with the desire of
both companies to merge their interests."
    BIL has said it is against the merger because it sees
Progressive shares as being worth twice as as much as
Rainbow's.
    Progressive traded today at 4.42, Rainbow at 3.66 and BIL
at 4.30 at the end of morning trading on the New Zealand Stock
Exchange.
 REUTER

Walt Disney Co said it will
open its first non-tourist retail operation on March 28 at the
Galleria shopping mall in Glendale, Calif.
    The company said the 2,400 square foot store will test
consumer response to a retail outlet featuring all Disney
character merchandise.
 Reuter

Citibank NA is issuing up to 50,000
currency warrants that give the holder a call right on U.S.
Dollars from marks or yen, Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd said as
sole manager.
    Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs for either 182.50
marks or 149.50 yen between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989.
    The warrants will be listed in Luxembourg and pay date is
March 31. Exercise, requiring one day's notice, must be for a
minimum of 100 warrants through one currency only.
 REUTER

 said it acquired
Universal Adhesives Inc, of Memphis, for undisclosed terms, in
a move to expand Timminco's operations into the United States.
    The company said Universal Adhesives, with five U.S.
plants, has annual sales of 12 mln U.S. dlrs, which will double
Timminco's presence in the North American adhesives market.
    Timminco said Universal Adhesives will complement the
company's Canadian-based industrial adhesives division and is a
key step in its long-term goal for expansion in the specialty
chemical field.
 Reuter

West German gross green coffee imports
in January fell sharply to 38,616 tonnes from 54,576 in January
last year, figures from the Federal Statistics Office show.
    Imports of decaffeinated unroasted coffee were 396 tonnes
against nil a year earlier.
 Reuter

Mthly div 8.5 cts vs 9.2 cts in prior month
    Payable April six
    Record Marcxh 30
 Reuter

British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
denied in an interview published in Saudi Arabia today that her
government's oil policy contributed to weakness in world oil
prices.
    She said the government was determined not to intervene to
influence production decisions by oil companies operating in
the North Sea.
    "We believe these must be a matter for the commercial
judgment of the oil companies," she told the Arabic language
daily al-Sharq al-Awsat in an interview coinciding with a visit
to London by King Fahd of Saudi Arabia.
    Thatcher said this policy had not contributed to the fall
in oil prices as North Sea production was now about the same as
in 1984 when prices were close to 30 dlrs a barrel.
    British production was on a plateau and was unlikely to
increase in the future, she said.
    "We naturally share the concern of Saudi Arabia and other
OPEC members about the harmful effects of oil market volatility
for both producer and consumer countries," Thatcher said.
    "On our part, we are careful to avoid any actions which
might add to such volatility."
 REUTER

Keihin Electric Express Railway Co Ltd
is issuing a 150 mln dlr eurobond with equity warrants due
April 22, 1992 with an indicated coupon of 2-3/8 pct and priced
at par, lead manager Yamaichi International (Europe) Ltd said.
    The non-callable bonds are guaranteed by Fuji Bank Ltd.
    Pricing will take place on April 1 and the exercise period
is between May 18, 1987 and April 15, 1992. The indicated
premium is 2-1/2 pct.
    Total fees of 2-1/4 pct comprise 1-1/2 pct for selling and
3/4 pct for management and underwriting. The bonds will be
issued in 5,000 dlr denominations and listed in Luxembourg.
 REUTER

Oper shr seven cts vs loss nil
    Oper net 988,000 vs loss 52,000
    Revs 2,267,000 vs 791,000
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from discontinued operations of
65,000 dlrs vs 75,000 dlrs.
    Current year net includes gain 1,025,000 dlrs from sale of
cellular telephone investment.
    Prior year figures restated for discontinued operations.
 Reuter

Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Turkey bought an estimated 100,000
tonnes of white sugar from three trade houses today for April
to June shipment, according to trade sources.
    They said a large U.K. trade house sold 50,000 tonnes, a
U.S. house traded 25,000 tonnes, and a Swiss-based dealer house
25,000 tonnes.
    Price details were unclear but reports this morning
suggested that Turkey was offered sugar at prices ranging down
to 212 dlrs a tonne, c and f basis.
 Reuter

TCBY Enterprises Inc said its
board has approved a three-for-two split of its common stock
with a distribution to be made on April 24 to stockholders of
record on April 9.
    The split will increase the number of outstanding shares to
over 26 mln from about 17.3 mln shares now, the company said.
    TCBY Enetrprises is a franchisor and operator of retail
stores specializing in frozen yogurt-related treats.
 Reuter

First Interstate Bancorp is offering
200 mln dlrs of subordinated capital notes due 1999 with an
8-5/8 pct coupon and par pricing, said lead manager Goldman,
Sachs and Co.
    That is 140 basis points more than the yield of comparable
Treasury securities.
    Non-callable to maturity, the issue is rated A-1 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc and A-plus by Standard and Poor's Corp.
First Boston, Salomon Brothers and Shearson Lehman co-managed
the deal.
 Reuter

AFG Industries Inc said it is
entering the automobile replacement glass market with the
acquisition of A-1 Quality Glass, of Salt Lake City, and Tempo
Auto Glass, of Tacoma, Wash.
    Terms of the acquisitions were not disclosed.
    AFG also said that if the offer it has made as part of a
partnership with Wagner and Brown to acquire GenCorp Inc &lt;GY>
is successful, it will consider establishing autoglass stores
in GenCorp's retail tire outlets.
    AFG said that in addition to the two acquisitions, it has
been operating eight stores through its American Slat Glass
distribution group.
    It said a a newly formed subsidiary, AFG Auto Glass Inc,
will be looking for additional acquisitions as well as opening
new outlets.
    A-1 Quality Glass operates a central wholesale autoglass
distribution center and 23 stores in Utah, Arizona, and other
western states. Tempo operates four stores in the Pacific
northwest region.
 Reuter

Moody's Investor Service Inc said it
upgraded Grolier Inc's nearly 116 mln dlrs of debt.
    Raised were the company's senior debentures raised to Ba-3
from B-3 and convertible subordinated debentures to B-2 from
B-3.
    The rating agency cited an improvement in profitabiliy of
Grolier's primary publishing businesses. Moody's said the
company has lowered its financial leverage as well as its
dependence on the retail sale of encyclopedias.
    Grolier has also reduced its exposure to developing
countries, Moody's noted.
 Reuter


******TODD SHIPYARDS CORP OMITS QTLY COMMON DIV, SETS PREFERRED PAYOUT
Blah blah blah.



Golden North
Resource Corp said said surface and underground drilling on the
Canty project and Mascot fraction at its Nickel Plate Mountain
property in British Columbia returned encouraging gold assays.
    It said one Canty hole encountered several mineralized
intervals including 11 feet grading 0.342 ounce gold a short
ton from 86 to 97 feet and 17 feet grading 0.756 ounce gold ton
from 170.5 feet to 187.5 feet.
    A Mascot fraction hole returned assays including 0.190
ounce gold ton over seven feet between 57 and 64 feet, it said.
 Reuter


****** BRUSSELS - Ferruzzi says it will pay 630 mln dlrs to CPC International for European mills.
Blah blah blah.



Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said that current exchange rates are almost within the levels
agreed to by six major nations last month in Paris.
    Asked whether a dollar/yen rate of 148 or 149 reflected
economic fundamentals, he said current rates almost reflect
fundamentals.
    Sumita told reporters major nations have cooperated to
bring about currency stability in line with the Paris
agreement, which stipulated that they would closely cooperate
to that end. He repeated the central bank will intervene if
necessary, adding he did not think a dollar free-fall was
likely.
    But Sumita said he could not say exactly what currency
levels would be considered in line with underlying economic
fundamentals.
    In Paris on February 22, Britain, Canada, France, Japan,
the U.S. And West Germany agreed to cooperate to hold
currencies around their then current levels.
    Sumita said he could not find any specific reasons behind
the fall of the dollar to a record low against the yen
yesterday. But he said the market rushed to sell dollars as it
nervously reacted to statements abroad and to developments
surrounding trade tensions.
    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said over the weekend
that the Paris pact did not encompass fixed tragets for the
dollar. U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter called
U.S/Japan relations on certain key trade issues very strained.
    The market reacted nervously because the dollar has been
moving narrowly against the yen since mid-January, Sumita said.
He added he does not expect the yen/dollar exchange rate to
remain unstable because the market is concerned about a sharp
rise of the yen.
    The Bank of Japan will keep a close watch on exchange rates
in line with the Paris accord, he added.
 REUTER

 and its
50.25 pct unit Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> are still
undecided whether they would participate in the proposed new
airport for Hong Kong, chairman of both Michael Miles said.
    "We don't want to jump the fence prematurely. We want to
know the government's position first," he told a press
conference. "The new airport is still a long way away. But if it
does go ahead we will be involved." He declined to elaborate but
noted that no other company has more at stake in a Hong Kong
airport than the Swire group, which controls &lt;Hongkong Aircraft
Engineering Co Ltd>.
    The idea for a second airport has been proposed for more
than a decade but in 1982 the government shelved the plan for
being too expensive. Early this year a consortium led by
&lt;Hopewell Holdings Co Ltd> presented the government with a 25
billion H.K. Dlr scheme of infrastructure development including
an airport, a deep water port and highways to China.
    Hopewell said it will take a 20 pct stake in the project
while Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HKG> and Hutchison
Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HKG> will take a combined 20 pct. Earlier
today Hopewell said &lt;Jardine Matheson and Co Ltd> will take a
five pct interest in the project.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan intervened to stem
strong yen rises against the dollar during London trading this
morning, dealers said.
    The Bank of Japan here declined comment.
    The Bank of England was also rumored to be buying dollars
against the yen this morning but it also declined comment.
    Dealers said the intervention halted a sudden late morning
drop to a low of 148.65 yen, holding the dollar steady until
midsession at about 148.80.
    The Bank of England was strongly rumored to have intervened
on behalf of the dollar against the yen yesterday, but it gave
no confirmation.
    Overnight reports from Tokyo said that the Bank of Japan
was aggressively supporting the dollar, but failed to push it
back to the perceived target level of 150 yen.
    Selling during the London trading morning was largely
attributed to Japanese institutions.
    Dealers here were loath to quantify the scale of Bank of
Japan action this morning. One U.S. Bank trader said it could
have been up to 500 mln dlrs, but said this was largely a
guess.
 REUTER

Olson Industries Inc said
it is in final negotiations on the sale of its remaining egg
operations and expects the sale to generate a charge of about
two mln dlrs against 1987 net income.
    The company said, however, that the sale will generate
substantial cash flow to pay off bank debt and improve working
capital, eliminate unmanageable effects on profits of the price
instability of the egg business and allow it to concentrate on
its plastics packaging business.
 Reuter

Metro Cable Corp said it has
entered into a letter of intent for the sale of limited
partnership Intermountain Cable Associates for about 3,250,000
dlrs.
    Metro and DMN Cable Investors are co-general partners for
Intermountain.  The name of the buyer was not disclosed.
    Metro said it has also transfered its northwest Iowa and
eastern Colorado cablevision systems into a new wholly-owned
subsidiary called MCC Cablevision. 
    Metro said the new unit received 2,700,000 dlrs in
financing from Bank of Boston Corp &lt;BKB> which was used to
retire Metro Cable's outstanding debt to &lt;National Bank of
Canada> and for working capital.
 Reuter

Rexnord Inc said it will
reduce to 50 from 112 its corporate staff at its headquarters
here by the end of May, 1987.
    The staff reductions are part of the company's announced
restructuring program and planned acquisition by Banner
Industries Inc &lt;BNR>.
    Affected Rexnord employees will receive severance pay based
on length of service, job placement counseling, it said.
   Banner completed a tender offer for Rexnord common shares in
late February. The companies are expected to combine within
about two months, Rexnord said.
 Reuter

Intel Overseas Corp, a unit of Intel
Corp, is raising 110 mln dlrs through an offering of notes due
1997 yielding 8.18 pct, said lead manager Shearson Lehman
Brothers Inc.
    The notes have an 8-1/8 pct and were priced at 99.63 to
yield 93 basis points more than comparable Treasury securities.
    Non-callable for seven years, the issue is rated A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and A by Standard and Poor's
Corp. Salomon Brothers and L.F. Rothschild co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

About half of Brazil's 40,000 seamen
have returned to work after accords with 22 companies, and the
national strike which began on February 27 looks close to
ending, a union spokesman said.
    The spokesman, speaking from strike headquarters in Rio de
Janeiro, estimated that 80 ships were strike-bound.
    The seamen have settled for 120 pct pay increases with the
individual companies but are still discussing the issue of
overtime payments with the shipowners' association, Syndarma.
 REUTER

 said it will
concentrate most of its efforts this year on its proven oil and
gas reserves in order to maximise benefits to shareholders in
the mid to long-term.
    It said in a statement "We are confident that substantial
development funds will be available to Tricentrol and that we
will be able to minimise further disposal of our interests."
    Tricentrol wrote off 57.5 mln stg on the reorganisation of
its North American operations last year, when oil prices
plunged. The group incurred a 1986 net loss of 3.7 mln stg
against a 25.4 mln profit the previous year.
 Reuter

 said it signed an
agreement with the Boeing Company &lt;BA.N> to install its RB
211-524 D4D engine on the B767 family of aircraft.
    The engine, currently under development, will be ready for
service by early 1990, the company said in a statement.
    Boeing 747s are also powered with the engine, and its use
in B767 craft too could bring significant operating benefits,
Rolls-Royce said.
 Reuter

International Broadcasting
Corp said shareholders at its annual meeting approved a one for
25 reverse stock split.
    The split will be effective after completion of filing
requirements, it said. New certificates will be needed, it
added.
    The media company said it currently has 40,950,000 common
shares issued and outstanding and, upon completion of the
reverse split, will have 1,638,000 shares outstanding.
 Reuter

Shr loss one ct vs loss one ct
    Net loss 89,844 vs loss 85,731
    Revs 3,384,726 vs 4,646,285
 Reuter

Todd Shipyards Corp said it
omitted payment of the quarterly dividend on its common stock
and lowered the dividend on its series A preferred stock to 75
cts from 77 cts a share.
    Todd said the 75 ct preferred dividend will be paid May one
to shareholders of record April 15.
    The company said it omitted the common dividend to cover
both losses from a commercial ship conversion contract and
increased reserves for previously announced discontinued
shipyard operations.
    In addition, the company said its lenders agreed to
temporarily reduce the net worth requirement of its revolving
credit and term-loan pact to 140 mln dlrs from 130 mln.
    The reduction will hold through May 15, it said.
    Todd said the reduction in the net worth requirement
allowed for the payment of the preferred dividend and prevented
it from violating covenants of its credit agreement.
    The company said it is also negotiating with its lenders to
extend the reduced net worth terms beyond May 15.
    Todd added that it has suffered financially because of the
U.S. Navy's unwillingness to release certain retentions under
completed ship construction contracts and a general decrease in
U.S. military spending.
 Reuter

Shr 22 cts vs 22 cts prior qtr
    Pay June one
    Record May 12
 Reuter

Sri lanka will tender overnight for
52,500 tonnes of U.S., Canadian and/or Australian wheats for
April 8/16 shipment, under the Export Enhancement Program if
U.S. origin, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter

Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Pay July 1
    Record June 12
 Reuter

Shr 16.7 cents vs 29.4
    Final div nil vs same making nil vs same
    Pre-tax profit 21.31 mln dlrs vs 26.42 mln
    Net 10.84 mln vs 19.15 mln
    Turnover 17.17 mln vs 25.94 mln
    Other income 101.99 mln vs 125.18 mln
    Shrs 65.13 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Net is after tax 10.47 mln vs 7.27 mln, interest
2.58 mln vs 9.55 mln, depreciation 5.06 mln vs 7.61 mln and
minorities nil vs same. Other income: 72.39 mln from sale of
investments (103.04 mln 1985), interest 25.75 mln (21.49 mln),
and dividends 1.64 mln (nil). Co is 93.7 pct owned by &lt;Bell
Resources Ltd>.
    Note - All figures in U.S. Dollars as the company is
registered in Bermuda.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan is continuing to
intervene in the Tokyo market, buying small amounts of dollars
to hold the unit above 149 yen, brokers said.
    They said the Bank is coming in when the dollar is around
149.05/10 yen, the same levels as New York's close yesterday
and the midday close in Tokyo today.
    Dealers said the Bank of Japan is intervening in the market
through both banks and brokers this afternoon.
    The central bank is checking selling orders through banks
and placing matching buy orders, they said.
    The central bank started to intervene shortly after the
market opened here in the afternoon, the dealers said.
 REUTER

The Dutch Ministry of Finance plans a
new fixed eight-year state loan at an unchanged 6-1/4 pct.
    The amount and issue price will be set at tender next
Tuesday, March 31. Payment is on May 1 and coupon date is May
1.
    No early redemption will be permitted.
    The issue is the fourth for payment this year.
 REUTER


******BAT Industries 1986 pretax profit 1.39 billion stg vs 1.17 billion
Blah blah blah.



 will seek an
injunction in the U.K. High Court today to freeze the assets of
former Chairman Ernest Saunders in its attempts to recover 5.2
mln stg paid to a Jersey company as part of the company's
takeover battle for &lt;Distillers Co Plc>, a spokesman said.
    He said the court move aimed to freeze Saunders' assets up
to the value of the sum it wanted to recover. It was uncertain
whether the court would reach any decision on the request
today. Guinness said last week it planned to take legal action
to recover the funds, paid to non-executive director Thomas
Ward via the Jersey company.
    Lawyers representing Ward have said he saw the funds as his
reward for services performed during the takeover of
Distillers.
    Guinness is also planning a resolution at the annual
meeting in May to remove both Saunders and Ward from the
company's board.
 REUTER

China must cut excess demand and capital
investment in the face of budget and foreign exchange deficits
but will press ahead with wide-ranging economic reforms in
1987, Premier Zhao Ziyang told parliament.
    Zhao told the annual meeting of the National People's
Congress that while China cooled its overheated economy, cut
its trade deficit and raised national living standards in 1986,
serious imbalances remain.
    Zhao said total social demand exceeds total supply, and
demand for consumer goods, especially from state firms, is too
high. "(They) squander public funds to a serious extent ... (and
issue) excessive wage and bonus increases," he said.
    Failure to cut this excess will "result in reduced
accumulation of funds...And serve to corrupt social morality,"
Zhao said. He said there was a contradiction between low per
capita incomes and excessively high consumer demand.
    China needs to accumulate enormous funds for construction
in its initial stage of socialist modernisation and consumption
must match the available resources, he said.
    Zhao said there was a deficit in state finances in 1986
because of the sharp fall in world oil prices, the rising cost
of foreign exchange earnings through exports, reduced income
from customs duties and unreasonably heavy spending.
    Local authorities, departments and firms have been able to
retain more revenue since economic reforms in 1979. "(They)
unjustifiably developed processing industries and
non-productive construction," Zhao said.
    He said that unless effective measures are taken to curb
this practice, financial and credit deficits are likely to
increase in the next few years.
    Zhao said that if such deficits become excessive and last
too long, they will cause the over-issue of money, which in
turn will cause "disturbing inflation, a precipitous rise in
commodity prices and chaos in economic life."
    Another serious problem is that too many new construction
projects have been launched. Fixed asset investment outside the
state plan is over-extended and the pattern of such investment
is highly irrational, he said.
    Investment in energy, transport, telecommunications and raw
and semi-finished materials industries is inadequate and
investment in non-productive projects is too large, he said.
     Zhao said some departments and local authorities have
failed to take prompt and effective measures to correct this
investment imbalance, despite instructions to do so from the
State Council earlier this year.
     He said China's per capita output of grain and other farm
and sideline products is still very low and production of
grain, forestry, animal husbandry and fisheries rests on a
rather weak foundation.
     China's countryside is still in the development stage and
there is vast potential to be tapped through deep reforms, he
said, but did not elaborate.
    Zhao said the main task for reform in 1987 is to breathe
life into China's large and medium sized state firms, which
still do not have "a satisfactory combination of
responsibilities, powers and benefits."
    "We have yet to create conditions for giving the enterprises
full managerial authority and full responsibility for their own
profits and losses," he said.
    Currently, the firms are not responding rationally to
market changes and doing all the state requires of them, he
said. Their potential is not being fully tapped, he added.
    Zhao said that in 1987, China will speed up the reform of
its financial system, diversify credit services, encourage
competition among different financial institutions and promote
insurance services.
    He said the system of bank interest rates must be reformed,
with differential and floating rates being applied for
different periods of time.
    China must, under proper guidance, develop markets for the
circulation of funds in major cities and exploit the role of
financial markets in pooling and regulating funds, he added.
    Zhao said China must also expand the market for capital
goods such as rolled steel, coal, cement and timber. The lack
of such a market is the main reason why large state firms have
"yet to be fully invigorated," he said.
    He also promised a continuation of the labour contract
system under which all firms hire workers for a fixed period
and pay them according to their own methods, subject only to
state-set ceilings for wages and bonuses.
 REUTER

The U.K. Based commodity house E.D.
And F. Man Ltd and Singapore's Yeo Hiap Seng Ltd jointly
announced that Man will buy a substantial stake in Yeo's 71.1
pct held unit, Yeo Hiap Seng Enterprises Ltd.
    Man will develop the locally listed soft drinks
manufacturer into a securities and commodities brokerage arm
and will rename the firm Man Pacific (Holdings) Ltd.
 REUTER

McFarland Energy Inc
said its board and that of Petrominerals Corp have approved a
definitive agreement for McFarland to acquire Petrominerals in
an exchange of stock.
    McFarland said it would exchange one common share for each
5.4 Petrominerals shares.  McFarland said former holders of
Petrominerals will have a 25 pct interest in the combined
company.
    The merger is still subject to approval by shareholders of
both companies.
 Reuter

 said it will
acquire &lt;Linotype GmbH>, Europe's largest manufacturer of
type-setting and printing communications technology from Allied
Signal Inc &lt;ALD.N> and float off the shares in the company.
    Commerzbank declined to say how much it had paid for
Linotype.
    Linotype's group turnover in 1986 rose 15 pct to more than
500 mln marks, the bank said. The group's net return on capital
was seven pct.
 Reuter

Shr profit one ct vs loss nil
    Net profit 200,052 vs loss 56,782
    Revs 2,394,198 vs 706,393
    Avg shrs 17.8 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs profit one ct
    Net profit 258,125 vs profit 164,553
    Revs 4,225,731 vs 3,027,892
    Avg shrs 17.9 mln vs 19.5 mln
 Reuter

A group led by Dallas investor
Harold Simmons told the Securities and Exchange Commission it
had reduced its stake in McDermott International Inc by one
pct, to under five pct.
    The group had said in a March 10 filing, announcing
acquisition of 5.4 pct of the firm's stock, that it might
consider seeking control of the company.
 Reuter

International Platinum Corp said it
signed a letter of intent to enter into further negotiations on
a joint venture exploration agreement with Degussa A.G., of
West Germany, regarding several North American platinum
properties.
    Conclusion of the agreement is subject to completion of
further detailed examination by Degussa, as well as board and
regulatory approvals.
    Under terms of the letter of intent, Degussa would
contribute substantially to a three year exploration budget of
4.5 mln dlrs in return for a 50 pct interest in the venture.
    Degussa's contribution to the exploration budget will be
based on it matching International Platinum's past exploration
and acquisition costs, estimated at about two mln dlrs, and
then contributing on a pro rata basis, International Platinum
said.
    Degussa's contribution would provide a major portion of
International Platinum's exploration budget, especially during
the first and second year of the proposed joint venture, the
company said.
 Reuter

Shr 23 cts vs not reported
    Net 282,000 vs 1,000
    Sales 18.6 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 48 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 583,000 vs 213,000
    Sales 37.8 mln vs 37.5 mln
   NOTE: 1987 six months net includes a loss from discontinued
operations equal to two cts a share.
    1986 net includes losses from discontinued operations of
four cts in the quarter and six cts in the six months.
 Reuter

 said it agreed
to purchase a seat on the Montreal Stock Exchange for 40,000
dlrs, subject to regulatory and exchange approval.
    The move came two weeks after Toronto Dominion paid 195,000
dlrs for a seat on the Toronto Stock Exchange, which made it
the first bank to apply for membership on a Canadian exchange.
The Toronto and Montreal exchanges are Canada's two biggest
equity markets.
    Proposed Canadian government legislation would allow banks
full participation in the securities business after June 30.
Toronto Dominion has owned a discount brokerage since 1984.
 Reuter

Synalloy Corp said it has
ended talks on the sale of its Blackman Uhler Chemical Division
to Intex Products Inc because agreement could not be reached.
    The company said it does not intend to seek another buyer.
 Reuter

Inflation in the European Community,
which fell to its lowest since the 1960s between November and
January, started to take off again last month, figures from the
EC statistics office Eurostat showed.
    Consumer prices were on average three pct higher than in
February 1986, the office said. This compared with a year on
year rise of 2.7 pct in January, the lowest for 25 years, and
was the highest figure since October.
    Prices rose in February by 0.3 pct from January, after
rises of 0.4 pct in January and of 0.2 pct in each of the last
three months of 1986.
 REUTER

Pantera's Corp said it agreed to
buy ten pizza restaurants in southeastern Colorado from
creditors foreclosing on the facilities.
    The purchase price includes 1.25 mln dlrs in cash and
company stock, it said.
    Separately, Pantera's said it issued an area development
agreement with a franchisee group for northeastern Colorado,
including the Denver area, for the opening of about 20
franchised Pantera's pizza restaurants.
 Reuter

Goldman, Sachs and Co, acting as lead
manager, said it is offering 100 mln dlrs of deposit notes due
1992 that it purchased from Bank of Virginia Co, a unit of
Signet Banking Corp.
    The notes have a 7-1/2 pct coupon and were priced at 99.75
to yield 7.56 pct, or 74 basis points more than comparable
Treasury securities.
    Non-callable to maturity, the issue is rated Aa-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. L.F. Rothschild co-managed the
deal.
 Reuter

Hawkeye Bancorp said it issued
2,690,877 shares of preference stock to its institutional
creditors in payment of 32.3 mln dlrs of restructured debt.
    It said the new shares, which are convertible into common
stock on a share-for-share basis at the option of the holders
at any time, represent in the aggregate 25 pct of the equity of
Hawkeye on a fully diluted basis.
    Hawkeye also said it issued 233,983 shares of common stock
in exchange for 14,766 shares of preferred upon completion of a
previously announced exchange offer to holders of preferred.
    As a result, the company said it has 6,922,949 shares of
common, 155,009 shares of preference stock which are
convertible into 1,149,681 shares ov common and 2,690,877
shares of preference stock convertible into a like number of
common shares.
    Total common stock equivalents are 10,763,507.
 Reuter

India's first intercontinental-range
rocket fell into the Bay of Bengal two minutes after launch
yesterday.
    "Disaster struck the Indian space program today," the Press
Trust of India (PTI) news agency reported of the failure of the
rocket at Sriharikota in south India.
    Earlier, the news agency had reported that 460 seconds
after the blast-off the launch vehicle had placed a 145 kg
satellite payload in a 400 km earth orbit.
 REUTER

Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said that current exchange rates are almost within the levels
agreed to by six major nations last month in Paris.
    Asked whether a dollar/yen rate of 148 or 149 reflected
economic fundamentals, he said current rates almost reflect
fundamentals.
    Sumita told reporters major nations have cooperated to
bring about currency stability in line with the Paris
agreement, which stipulated that they would closely cooperate
to that end. He repeated the central bank will intervene if
necessary, adding he did not think a dollar free-fall was
likely.
    But Sumita said he could not say exactly what currency
levels would be considered in line with underlying economic
fundamentals.
    In Paris on February 22, Britain, Canada, France, Japan,
the U.S. And West Germany agreed to cooperate to hold
currencies around their then current levels.
    Sumita said he could not find any specific reasons behind
the fall of the dollar to a record low against the yen
yesterday. But he said the market rushed to sell dollars as it
nervously reacted to statements abroad and to developments
surrounding trade tensions.
    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said over the weekend
that the Paris pact did not encompass fixed tragets for the
dollar. U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter called
U.S/Japan relations on certain key trade issues very strained.
    The market reacted nervously because the dollar has been
moving narrowly against the yen since mid-January, Sumita said.
He added he does not expect the yen/dollar exchange rate to
remain unstable because the market is concerned about a sharp
rise of the yen.
    The Bank of Japan will keep a close watch on exchange rates
in line with the Paris accord, he added.
 REUTER


******DUTCH STATE LAUNCHES NEW EIGHT YEAR BULLET AT 6-1/4 PCT - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



Consumer prices fell 0.1 pct in
February, after a rise of 0.2 pct in January and no change in
February 1986, the National Statistics Office said.
    The index, base 1980, fell to 154.5 in February from 154.6
in January, against 147.4 in February 1986, giving a
year-on-year increase of 4.8 pct.
 REUTER

The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) has asked about 30 Japanese trading houses and
exporters to refrain from excessive dollar selling, trading
house officials said.
    The officials told Reuters MITI asked them to moderate
their foreign exchange trading because the excessive rise in
the yen will have unfavourable effects on the economy. It made
the request by telephone.
    A MITI official said the ministry has conducted a survey of
foreign exchange trading by trade houses and exporters. But he
said it was not aimed at moderating dollar selling.
    The trading house officials said MITI had asked them to
undertake foreign exchange transactions with due consideration
to the adverse effects excessive exchange rate movements would
have on the economy.
    The MITI official said MITI undertakes such surveys when
exchange rates fluctuate widely. A similiar survey was made
when the currency fell to the previous record low of 149.98 on
January 19. It hit a new record low of 148.20 yen yesterday.
    He said the survey showed currency transactions by trade
houses and exporters contributed little to the dollar fall.
 REUTER

China should tighten imports of ordinary
goods and restrict or even forbid import of goods which can be
made domestically, Premier Zhao Ziyang said.
    He told the National People's Congress, China's parliament,
that the country's foreign exchange is limited and must be used
where it is most needed.
    "We should expand production of import substitutes and
increase their proportion," he said.
    On exports, China should increase its proportion of
manufactured goods, especially textiles, light industrial
goods, electronics and machinery, he said.
    Zhao said China should lower the cost of exports and
control the export of goods that incur too much loss. In 1986
China had a trade deficit of 11.9 billion dlrs, down from a
record 14 billion in 1985.
    Zhao said China should work to provide a more favourable
investment environment for foreign businessmen. It should use
foreign funds for production and construction, with stress on
firms making goods for export or import substitutes.
    China should also earn more foreign exchange from tourists
and contracted labour abroad, he added.
 REUTER

 said it
now owns 93.4 pct of Benequity Holdings a California Limited
Partnership.
    Renouf  said it has accepted for payment all 3,914,968
units of Benequity Holdings tendered in response to its 31 dlrs
per unit offer. Along with the 1,449,550 units already held by
Renouf, it now owns 93.4 pct of the 5,745,706 units outstanding.
 Reuter

Enserch Inc is issuing 100 mln dlrs of
convertible debt due October 4, 2002 carrying an indicated
coupon of six to 6-3/8 pct and priced at par, Salomon Brothers
International said as lead manager.
    Enserch's stock closed at 22-1/2 last night on the New York
Stock Exchange. The conversion premium is indicated to be 20 to
23 pct. The securities are non-callable for three years.
    There is a 1-1/2 pct selling concession and two pct
combined management and underwriting fee.
 REUTER

The Commodity Credit Corporation has
accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale of 760
head of dairy cattle to Egypt, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The delivery period for the cattle is April, 1987-June,
1988, it said.
    The bonus of 1,870.00 dlrs per head was made to Esmah
Nevada Inc and will be paid in the form of commodities from the
CCC inventory.
    An additional 7,199 head of dairy cattle are still
available to Egypt under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative announced September 12, 1986, the department said.
 Reuter

Shr 11 cts vs five cts
    Net 656,000 vs 314,000
    Sales 8,868,000 vs 6,499,000
    Avg shrs 5,823,000 vs 5,705,000
    1st half
    Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,296,000 vs 795,000
    Sales 17.3 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Avg shrs 5,809,000 vs 5,973,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-four split in February
1987.
 Reuter

The New York Stock Exchange said
trading in the units of BenEquity Holdings, a California
Limited Partnership, was suspended before the opening and an
application will be made to the Securities and Exchange
Commission to delist the issue.
    The Exchange said it normally considers suspending and
removing from its list the securities of a company when fewer
than 600,000 units are held by the public.
    As a result of a tender offer by &lt;Renouf Corp
International>, which expired March 24, 1987, fewer than
600,000 units of BenEquity remained publicly held.
   
 Reuter


***NOVAMIN SAYS IT RECEIVED PROPOSED TAKEOVER BID FROM BREAKWATER
Blah blah blah.



A nationwide bank strike launched
yesterday by Brazilian bank workers gained more support today
with the closure of the &lt;Banco do Estado de Sao Paulo>
(Banespa) in Sao Paulo, a union spokesman said.
    The spokesman said about 530,000 of Brazil's 700,000 bank
workers were on strike. He said the chief development since
yesterday was the decision by the city's 20,000 Banespa workers
to come out on strike. Banespa is the Sao Paulo state bank.
    State-controlled &lt;Banco do Brasil SA>, with over 3,000
branches throughout the country, closed down yesterday.
    Bank industry sources say the closure of the Banco do
Brasil will soon force the shutdown of the many private banks
which are not strike-bound.
    The bankworkers are seeking an immediate pay rise of 100
pct and monthly salary adjustments.
    A spokesman for the National Federation of Banks, Adilson
Lorente, said that yesterday only 30 pct of private banks'
branches were strike-bound. He had no estimate of how many
workers were on strike or any information on the percentage of
branches open today.
 REUTER E

Shr loss 1.30 dlrs vs profit 29 cts
    Net loss 33.4 mln vs profit 7,386,000
    Sales 168.2 mln vs 128.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.61 dlrs vs profit 30 cts
    Net loss 41.4 mln vs profit 7,055,000
    Sales 527.5 mln vs 366.7 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net both periods includes 39.4 mln dlr
provision for closing 25 underperforming stores.
 Reuter

The U.S. Senate Agriculture
Committee approved a bill that would establish farm trade and
aid missions to promote the use of U.S. food aid, donation,
credit and export subsidy programs by overseas customers.
    The bill, approved by voice vote, would establish trade
missions made up of representatives of the Departments of
Agriculture and State, the Agency for International
Development, the Overseas Private Investment Corp, market
development cooperatives and private voluntary organizations.
    At least 16 missions would have to be sent within one year
after enactment of the bill. The missions would promote U.S.
programs, including PL480, Section 416 donations, Export
Enhancement Program, the dairy export incentive program, and
export credit guarantee programs (GSM-102, GSM-103).
    The panel agreed to drop a provision in the original bill,
offered by Sen. John Melcher (D-Mont.), that would have
required the U.S. Agriculture Department to donate at least one
mln tonnes of surplus commodities to developing countries.
    Current law requires USDA to donate at least 750,000 tonnes
of surplus grains and dairy products under the Section 416 food
donation program.
    The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the proposed
increase in the minimum tonnage requirement would have cost up
to 50 mln dlrs per year, Senate staff said.
    The committee also dropped a provision identifying which
countries would be the focus of the trade missions' activities.
    Under the bill adopted by the committee, countries "friendly
to the United States" would be eligible to host the trade
missions.
    Melcher originally had proposed sending missions to Mexico,
the Philippines, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Senegal, Nigeria, Peru,
Kenya, the Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Malaysia, Venezuela,
Tunisia and Morocco.
    The bill also would require the Foreign Agricultural
Service, FAS, to have at least 850 full-time employees during
fiscal years 1987-89. As of February 28, FAS had 790 full-time
employees, a FAS spokesman said.
 Reuter

Energy Secretary John Herrington has
proposed several ways to boost U.S. oil production, but he said
all would cost the Treasury money and will come under close
White House scrutiny before action is taken.
    One measure he said he favored would raise the depletion
allowance to 27.5 pct on new oil and gas production as well as
production using enhanced extraction methods.
    Herrington said such a plan would cost 200 mln dlrs a year.
The White House, reacting, said it did not favor amending the
tax code, but would look at the proposal.
    Herrington's proposals to spur production were made along
with the release last week of the energy department's report on
energy and the national security.
    The report said U.S. oil imports, rapidly rising, could hit
50 pct by the mid 1990s and have potentially damaging
implications for national security.
    He has said since in speeches and at news conferences that
any plan he would back to spur lagging domestic oil production
would have to meet three criteria--increase production, not
cause economic dislocation, and be low cost to the taxpayer.
    Herrington said an import fee would meet the first test,
spurring production but fail the second and third.
    He said it would raise production and return 120,000 oil 
workers to their jobs, but at the same time it lifted oil
prices, the higher prices would cost 400,000 jobs nationwide
and cut the gross national product by 32 billion dlrs.
    A tax on gasoline, he said, would fail the first criteria
by not increasing domestic production.
    In any case, U.S. officials say, President Reagan remains
firmly opposed to an import fee and a gasoline tax.
    Options which meet Herrington's criteria include:
    - Loan-price guarantees to shield banks from defaults by
borrowers because of lower oil prices. It was estimated that if
oil fell to five dlrs a barrel it could trigger defaults that
could cost the government an estimated 15 billion dlrs.
    - A five pct tax credit for exploration and development. It
would raise oil and gas production the equivalent of 325,000
barrels a day, at a cost of 740 mln dlrs a year.
    - A five pct credit only for geological and geophysical
expenditures. It would increase production by 80,000 barrels a
day, at a cost of 65 mln dlrs.
    - Lower bid minimums on outer continental shelf acreage to
spur exploration. A drop from the present 150 dlrs per acre for
the typical 5,760 acre tract to 25 dlrs per acre would lower
the cost of the standard tract lease to 144,000 dlrs.
    Herrington also pressed anew for existing Administration
proposals to deregulate natural gas, which he said would cut
the need for imported oil by 300,000 barrels daily.
    He also called again for Congressional approval to explore
off the continental shelf, which may hold more than 12 billion
barrels of oil, and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, which
may hold nine billion barrels.
    Herrington said he understood the Reagan's reluctance to 
amend the newly enacted tax code to fund some of these
proposals, but added he hoped his department's energy/security
study would make a strong case for the need to help the
struggling domestic oil industry.
    Another move Herrington said he will press anew, even
though it had been rejected earlier by the White House, is to
raise the fill-rate for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to
100,000 barrels a day from its planned 1988 rate of 35,000.
    This, he said, would further bolster national security in
case of an oil-supply disruption.
   
 Reuter


******CORRECTED-MIAMI-Brazil, bank committee will transmit request for 60-day credit extension
Blah blah blah.



 said it will
make two convertible bond issues totalling 200 mln dlrs.
    An issue of about 125 mln in convertible bonds, to be
quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, would be offered in
Europe through a syndicate led by &lt;Banque Paribas Capital
Markets Ltd>, &lt;Swiss Bank Corp International Ltd> and &lt;S.G.
Warburg Securities>, Bell Group said in a statement.
    Subject to shareholder approval, at a meeting on April 22,
a further 75 mln dlrs in convertible bonds would be subscribed
by Bell Group chairman Robert Holmes a Court, it said.
    The funds would provide additional working capital.
    The bonds, maturing 10 years from the date of issue, would
carry a 10 pct per annum interest rate, payable annually in
arrears, Bell Group said.
    The bonds are convertible into ordinary shares of The Bell
Group Ltd at any time, with the issue price a premium in the
range of 20 to 25 pct above the market price of the ordinary
shares at the date of issue of the bonds, it said.
    The bonds also carry the right for the issuer to redeem
them after two years if the share price is above 130 pct of the
conversion price for more than 30 days. Bell Group made a
similar 75 mln dlr bond issue in December 1985.
 REUTER

The Stock Exchange of Singapore Ltd
is looking at a new settlement and clearing system and a
corporate disclosure format that would make financial data more
readily available, George Teo, deputy chairman of the exchange,
said.
    He told a conference organised by the Development Bank of
Singapore Ltd that Singapore wants to develop the fixed rate
securities market. He said a state securities market, along the
same lines as the U.S. Government securities market, will be
developed to provide a benchmark for corporate bonds.
    Teo said the fixed rate securities market will pave the way
for companies to raise fixed rate funds.
    Referring to a proposed change in the broking commission
structure, Teo said the exchange is likely to introduce a
sliding scale structure instead of a negotiated commission
structure. He said the negotiated structure works against small
investors, who play an important role in the market.
    The market capitalisation of the Stock Exchange of
Singapore increased to 42 billion U.S. Dlrs in January 1987
from 32 billion U.S. Dlrs in early 1986, he said.
    Teo said the government has picked 15 companies to
participate in a privatisation program which strives to create
opportunities for investors through the sale of 380 mln dlrs
worth of shares a year. It will try to increase alternative
investment available to investors, he said.
    He cautioned against problems in a more competitive
securities market, adding that the possibility of insider
trading is increased when securities dealing, corporate finance
and investment advisory functions are conducted under one roof.
But he said the future direction of Singapore's securities
industry will be dictated by international trends.
 REUTER

Madagascar extended its oil
exploration agreement with the U.S. Firm Amoco Corp &lt;AN> for 17
months to allow for further studies of the Morondava basin on
the southwest coast, a government statement said.
    It said the existing five-year agreement, due to expire
this July 24, was extended until the end of 1988 to allow for
additional geological and geophysical studies.
    Amoco has so far laid 7,100 km of seismic lines and sunk
five exploration wells in the Morondava basin. It may drill a
further three wells before the end of the extended exploration
period, the statement said.
    Madagascar has signed oil exploration agreements with four
foreign oil companies since 1981. But despite promising
indications of large reserves, no commercial production plans
have yet been announced.
    The foreign firms - Amoco, Occidental Petroleum Corp &lt;OXY>,
Mobil Corp &lt;MOB> and a unit of &lt;Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi> -
are working in partnership with the National Military Office
for Strategic Industries (OMNIS).
    Roland Ratsimandresy, the director general of OMNIS, said
at a ceremenony to sign the extension of the Amoco agreement
that his department would intensify oil exploration with its
existing partners and would soon offer a new round of
exploration licences.
 REUTER

State-owned Philippine Airlines Ltd
(PAL) said it has agreed with Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd
&lt;CAPH.HKG> to an increase in seat allocations on the busy
Manila-Hong Kong route.
    A spokesman told Reuters a memorandum of understanding
would be signed later this week between the British and
Philippine governments to allow the current total of 32 flights
a week to be increased. "There are no immediate plans for more
flights but it gives us flexibility," he said.
    PAL said an agreement reached with British Airways would
allow each carrier to keep three London-Manila flights weekly.
 REUTER

The Belgo-Luxembourg Economic Union
recorded a provisional trade deficit of 9.45 billion francs in
January after a December surplus of 15.32 billion francs,
revised upwards from a provisional surplus of 11.94 billion,
the National Statistics Office said.
    In January 1986, the union recorded a deficit of 23.31
billion francs.
    January imports fell to a provisional 228.86 billion francs
from 240.24 billion in December and 281.65 billion a year
earlier, but exports were also lower, at 219.41 billion francs
against 255.56 billion and 258.34 billion respectively.
 REUTER

Div 4.7p making 8.7, an increase of 13.9 pct
    Shr 16.3p vs 17.9p adjusted
    Pretax profit 37.09 mln stg vs 34.55 mln
    Net 22.12 mln vs 24.13 mln
    Interest payable 8.10 mln vs 5.35 mln
    Share of associated co's 6.88 mln vs 5.42 mln
    Turnover 1.22 billion stg vs 1.10 billion
 REUTER

Norway is issuing a 60 billion yen
eurobond due April 22, 1992 paying 4-1/4 pct and priced at
101-5/8 pct, lead manager Nomura International Ltd said.
    The non-callable issue will be available in denominations
of one mln yen and will be listed in London.
    The fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession with 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Shr 16 cts vs eight cts
    Net 4,834,000 vs 2,052,000
    Revs 34.9 mln vs 16.0 mln
    Avg shrs 31.1 mln vs 26.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 26 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 8,006,000 vs 3,310,000
    Revs 80.9 mln vs 34.5 mln
    Avg shrs 30.8 mln vs 26.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two for one stock split.
    Current year net includes capitalized software costs of
1,295,000 dlrs in quarter and 3,701,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter

Shr 19 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 653,464 vs 287,606
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 7,600,000
    Year
    Shr 68 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 2,309,181 vs 1,408,813
    Revs 38.4 mln vs 26.0 mln
 Reuter

A unit of Inspectorate International
AG &lt;INSZ.Z> is raising 200 mln marks through an equity warrant
eurobond package with a two pct coupon priced at par, lead
manager Schweizerische Bankverein (Deutschland) AG said.
    The five-year bond, for Inspectorate International Finance
NV, gives investors options on two separate warrant series "A"
and "B" exercisable into participation certificates in parent and
guarantor Inspectorate International AG.
    The first "A" series carries warrants for four participation
certificates. Upon exercising the "A" warrants, investors also
get two warrants for the "B" series.
    The "A" exercise period runs from May 7, 1987, to August 6,
1987. The exercise price is 543 Swiss francs.
    Of the two "B" warrants, one entitles investors to purchase
one participation certificate in Inspectorate International AG
and the other provides seven warrants.
    Investors may pay for "B" participation certificates by
redeeming the bond issued today. In this case, the bond, issued
in denominations of 5,000 marks, will be valued at a fixed
price of 4,200 Swiss francs, or 119.05 francs per 100 marks.
    Participation certificates acquired with "B" warrants will be
priced at 597 francs, equalling the price of the first tranche,
plus a 10 pct premium. The exercise period for the "B" series is
from August 8, 1987 to May 5, 1991.
    Fees for the bond total 2-1/4 pct, with 1-1/2 points for
selling, and 1-3/4 for management and underwriting combined.
    Investors will pay for the bond on April 8, and the bond
pays annual interest on the same day. It matures on April 8,
1992. The bond and warrants will be listed in Frankfurt.
    If all participation share warrants are exercised, the
company will obtain some 300 mln marks in new equity.
    The construction allows Inspectorate to borrow at lower
cost than a comparable convertible bond and will give the
Inspectorate equity through issues of participation
certificates in West Germany, a Swiss Bank Corp spokesman said.
    Inspectorate requires funding to finance its purchase of a
51 pct stake in Harpener AG, a diversified West German group,
and other recent acquisitions.
 REUTER

Waste Management Inc said its
wholly owned subsidiary, WMX Acquisition Corp, ended its tender
offer to buy shares of ChemLawn Corp at 35 dlrs a share.
    All shares tendered to Waste Management will be returned to
shareholders as soon as practical, it said.
    Earlier this week, ChemLawn agreed to accept a merger
proposal at 36.50 dlrs a share from Ecolab Inc in a transaction
valued at about 370 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Thermo Process Systems Inc said
its proposed acquisition of the Surface Combustion Division of
privately-held &lt;Midland-Ross Corp> has been terminated because
mutually satisfactory terms could not be established.
 Reuter

Lead underwriters &lt;Donaldson, Lufkin
and Jenrette> and Salomon Inc &lt;SB> said an offering of three
mln shares of Advanced Micro Devices Inc depositary convertible
exchangeable preferred shares is under way at 50 dlrs per
share.
    Underwriters have been granted an option to buy another
450,000 depositary shares to cover overallotments.
    Each depositary share bears an annual dividend of three
dlrs per share and represents 0.1 30 dlr convertible
exchangeable preferred share.
    The underwriters said the preferred shares are convertible
into common stock at 25.16 dlrs per share initially and are
exchangeable at the company's option for six pct convertible
subordinated debentures due 2012.  The preferred shares are not
redeemable before March 15, 1990 unless the market price of the
common stock equals or exceeds 150 pct of the conversion price
for specified periods.
 Reuter

 said it received a
proposed takeover offer from Breakwater Resources Ltd involving
a swap of one Breakwater share for two Novamin common shares.
    It said the proposal also called for conversion of
outstanding Novamin warrants into Breakwater common shares on
the same basis, provided the exercise price was paid by the
warrant holders.
    Novamin, a mineral exploration company, said directors
would meet next Tuesday to deal with the proposal, which, it
said, was subject to approval by Breakwater directors.
 Reuter

 said
some Wall Street firms have limited their commodities trading
business with Drexel.
    Rumors circulated in financial and commodity markets
yesterday that units of &lt;Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc>, Salomon
Inc &lt;SB> and &lt;Goldman, Sachs and Co> had restricted commodities
business with Drexel because of its involvement in the
government's insider trading probe.
    In response to questions, a Drexel spokesman said, "Any
questions raised about our credit conditions are ridiculous as
those few competitors who have instituted restrictions for
whatever their motives well know."
    Securities industry sources said the three firms were
restricting their business with Drexel particularly in oil and
precious metals. The firms have restricted business in some
areas, but not others, the sources said.
    All three firms declined to comment, and the Drexel
spokesman did not identify the companies by name.
    Drexel and some officials, including Michael Milken, head
of its "junk bond" department, were subpoenaed following the
government's settlement of insider trading charges against
arbitrager Ivan Boesky.
    Securities industry sources said the three firms were
restricting their business with Drexel particularly in oil and
precious metals. The firms have restricted business in some
areas, but not others, the sources said.
    All three firms declined to comment, and the Drexel
spokesman did not identify the companies by name.
    Drexel and some officials, including Michael Milken, head
of its "junk bond" department, were subpoenaed following the
government's settlement of insider trading charges against
arbitrager Ivan Boesky.
    "Our commodity trading group, &lt;DBL Trading Corp>, is
operating normally and very profitably. It has had absolutely
no disruption in its trading and operation," a Drexel spokesman
said.
    He added, "the financial picture of the firm as a whole has
never been healthier. We have capital of 1.9 billion dlrs, the
fourth largest on Wall Street, equity of 1.3 billion dlrs, and
excess net capital of one billion dlrs."
    "People who invent and circulate rumors about any financial
institution, including Drexel Burnham, are doing a serious,
grave disservice to the investing public and marketplace," the
spokesman said.
 Reuter

Trade house sources said China is
expected to step up its sugar purchases following yesterday's
steep drop in world sugar prices.
    The consensus is that the Chinese will buy between 200,000
and 400,000 tonnes of raw sugar.
    "China is short of foreign exchange and a drop in prices is
usually taken as a buying opportunity by Peking," one trader
said.
    Yesterday, prices on the New York world sugar market
plummeted by 0.58 to 0.50 cent on heavy liquidation by
speculators, disenchanted over the market's lack of rallying
power.
    Speculation is that China will need the sugar for the
May/July period.
 Reuter


******FED OFFERS TO BUY ONE BILLION DLRS OF BILLS FOR CUSTOMER, AFTER NOTE AUCTION
Blah blah blah.




******ALLIED-SIGNAL INC TO SELL LINOTYPE GROUP TO COMMERZBANK OF WEST GERMANY
Blah blah blah.



Petroleos de Venezuela S.A will
announce within two weeks the name of a foreign consortium it
has chosen to help exploit the coal deposits at Guasare in
western Zulia state, PDVSA president Juan Chacin Guzman said.
    Chacin told reporters the foreign partner will provide
capital as well as technical and marketing expertise to the
Carbozulia project, which the state oil company will manage.
    PDVSA officials said that among those who bid for the
partnership is a consortium between Agip Carbone, a subsidiary
of Italy's Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi (ENI), and Atlantic
Richfield &lt;ARC> of the United States.
    Minister of Energy and Mines Arturo Hernandez Grisanti said
discussions are currently taking place to finalize the terms of
the contract with the foreign partner.
    PDVSA vice-president Pablo Reimpell said last week the
first shipment of coal from the Carbozulia project should be
made during the final quarter of 1987, and would measure
between 100-150,000 metric tons.
    Plans call for production to eventually reach 500,000 mt
annually. Reimpell said the original investment in the project
will be approximately 8 billion bolivars.
 Reuter


******CRS SIRRINE PLANS MAJOR RESTRUCTURING, WRITE OFF OF UP 43 MLN DLRS
Blah blah blah.



Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said that the dollar's slide in currency markets has
been enough, a Fed spokesman said.
    The spokesman confirmed that Volcker, who spoke to a group
of financial analysts, said in answer to a question about the
dollar's recent slide that "enough is enough."
    Volcker has often expressed concern about the dollar
falling too rapidly in currency markets.
 Reuter

Ormand Industries INc said its
General Can Co Inc unit has finalized all transactions needed
to repay about 3.3 mln dlrs of past-due accounts to its
unsecured lenders.
    The plan calls for payment of about 1.5 mln dlrs in cash
and the issuance of a new class of preferred stock by Ormand
Industries.
    The company said it anticipates full distribution to the
creditors during March.
 Reuter

Portugal may have purchased a 30,000
tonne cargo at its tender today for up to 43,000 tonnes of
number two yellow corn (14.5 pct maximum moisture) for arrival
by April 30, shipment via Gulf ports, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss one ct vs loss seven cts
    Oper net loss 80,640 vs loss 787,738
    Revs 933,183 vs 3,346,627
    Avg shrs 6,122,378 vs 8,451,578
    Year
    Oper shr loss 75 cts vs loss 1.10 dlrs
    Oper net loss 5,120,206 vs loss 9,288,996
    Revs 5,846,962 vs 18,679,090
    Avg shrs 6,805,951 vs 8,387,802
    NOTE: Earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations
of 178,437 dlrs, or three cts a share vs 154,767 dlrs, or two
cts a share in the quarter and losses of 706,984 dlrs, or 10
cts a share vs 572,100 dlrs, or seven cts a share for the year
    1986 year earnings exclude gain from early extinguishment
of debt of 11,318,289 dlrs, or 1.66 dlrs a share
 Reuter


******Bank of Japan bought 200 to 300 mln dlrs this morning, dealers said.
Blah blah blah.



Brazil and its bank advisory committee
agreed to transmit a request for an extension of short-term
credit lines totalling 16 billion dlrs for 60 days until May
31, Brazilian Central Bank President Francisco Gros said.
    Speaking after talks with the committee here, Gros also
said he did not expect to make interest payment to the banks at
this moment.
    He added that "no one should expect any dramatic
developments before March 31."
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68
billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
    Bankers said they would relay the Brazilian request for an
extension but declined to say whether they were specifically
endorsing it.
    Gros said the decision, which he called a "standstill"
arrangement, will be communicated to Brazil's 700 bank
creditors by telex tomorrow. Banks had been pressing Brazil to
make at least a token interest payment, but Gros said the
government was unable to comply for the moment.
    He stressed however that Brazil was willing to pay as soon
as it could, but added that a payment of interest was not
connected with the extension of the credit lines.
    "That would not be wise," he said.
    He said that the extension of the short-term lines would
not be carried out through "an official instrument" as there was
not time to complete the legal requirements.
    Gros said Brazil was likely to meet again with the 14-bank
advisory committee once Brazil had information to present on an
economic plan.
 REUTER

An Agriculture Ministry survey has
estimated the nation's 1986/87 crop sugar cane output at 2.14
mln tonnes, down from 2.62 mln a year earlier.
    Ministry officials said the decline was due to bad weather
and a reduction in the land under sugar cane this season, which
totals 34,800 hectares, down from 35,700 in 1985/86, they said.
    Harvesting stretches from December 1986 to April 1987
    Japan's final output will be announced at the beginning of
June, they said.
 REUTER

 plans to
reduce its dividend to three yen in the year ending March 31
1987 from the five yen of 1985/86, a company spokesman said.
    The company estimated parent company current losses at 15
billion yen in 1986/87, including a gain of 95 billion yen from
the sale of securities. This compares with a 36.07 billion yen
profit a year earlier.
    Sales in 1986/87 are seen at 2,150 billion yen, down from
2,685 billion a year ago.
    Poor business prospects were attributed to the yen's rise
and slow world steel demand. Nippon is expected to report
parent company results in late May.
    Total 1986/87 crude steel production is estimated at 25.57
mln tonnes, down from 27.98 mln a year earlier.
    Crude steel production is likely to be below 1986/87 output
but forecasts for profits and sales in the year starting April
1 are unavailable yet, he said.
 REUTER

The placement of 10.1 mln government
owned shares in Veba AG &lt;VEBG.F> is still open for small
shareholders but lead manager Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> has
already closed its books for institutional investors, a
Deutsche spokesman said in answer to queries.
    Under the terms of the placement which opened on Monday,
small shareholders were given priority for three days so that
this privilege will not lapse until close of business today.
    Consortium banks set aside fixed amounts for small
shareholders. The spokesman could not say how big these were,
or whether other banks had closed books for institutions.
 REUTER

 said
in a statement accompanying final results for 1986, showing
pretax profits up to 37.09 mln stg from 34.55 mln in 1985, that
overall further progress is expected in 1987.
    The predicted slowdown of the U.S. Automobile industry is
affecting the North American group although the improved
performance in the FATA European group during 1986 is expected
to continue into this year.
    In the U.K. Overall profitability will improve when the
Central Electricity Generating Board's ordering programme for
both nuclear and fossil-fired fuels starts.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan will sell 300 billion
yen of government financing bills tomorrow under a 29-day
repurchase accord maturing April 24 to soak up a projected
money market surplus, market sources said.
    The surplus is estimated at 350 billion yen, due mainly to
excess bank holdings of yen funds after heavy dollar purchases
in the foreign exchange market yesterday, money traders said.
    The yield on the bills for sales to banks and securities
houses from money houses will be 3.9495 pct against the 3.9375
pct discount rate for one-month commercial bills and the
4.58/42 pct yield on one-month certificates of deposit today.
    The operation will put the outstanding bill supply at about
1,900 billion yen, money traders said.
 REUTER

The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) has asked about 30 Japanese trading houses and
exporters to refrain from excessive dollar selling, trading
house officials said.
    The officials told Reuters MITI asked them to moderate
their foreign exchange trading because the excessive rise in
the yen will have unfavourable effects on the economy. It made
the request by telephone.
    A MITI official said the ministry has conducted a survey of
foreign exchange trading by trade houses and exporters. But he
said it was not aimed at moderating dollar selling.
    The trading house officials said MITI had asked them to
undertake foreign exchange transactions with due consideration
to the adverse effects excessive exchange rate movements would
have on the economy.
    The MITI official said MITI undertakes such surveys when
exchange rates fluctuate widely. A similiar survey was made
when the currency fell to the previous record low of 149.98 on
January 19. It hit a new record low of 148.20 yen yesterday.
    He said the survey showed currency transactions by trade
houses and exporters contributed little to the dollar fall.
 REUTER

Shr loss 4.14 dlrs vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 37.1 mln vs loss 1,712,000
    Revs 27.3 mln vs 33.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 5.51 dlrs vs loss 73 cts
    Net loss 49.3 mln vs loss 6,544,000
    Revs 109.0 mln vs 141.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 34.8 mln dlr
weritedown of assets of services segment and Southeast Asian
joint venture.
 Reuter

Spain's General Union of Workers (UGT),
the trade union arm of the Socialist party, will keep pressing
for salary rises of seven pct despite government
recommendations for a five pct ceiling, a UGT spokesman said.
    Trade union sources said coal mines in Asturias remained
closed by protests against planned job cuts. A 24-hour stoppage
at the state railways RENFE, coinciding with strikes at two
airlines next Friday, was virtually certain to be confirmed.
They said construction workers would start a five-day strike
next week.
    Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez last night sought support
for his call to limit wage rises in an effort to cut inflation
to five pct from 8.3 pct last year. He told a press conference
the Socialist government could not meet all demands and would
not yield to demagogy.
    Antonio Hernandez Mancha, leader of the main opposition
right-wing Popular Alliance (AP) party which tabled a motion of
no confidence against the government, said Gonzalez had run out
of imagination. But political sources said the government,
holding an absolute majority in parliament, is sure to survive
the no confidence debate opening tomorrow.
 REUTER

A total 59,000 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 45.678
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in West Germany received 34,750
tonnes, in the U.K. 13,000, in Denmark 7,250 and in France
4,000 tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had expected the subsidy for
the current season whites campaign for licences to end-Aug to
be more than 45.00 Ecus per 100 kilos but Paris traders were
more precise by forecasting a rebate level of 45.75 to 46.0
Ecus.
    London traders were also reluctant earlier to predict the
likely tonnage to be authorised for export in view of the
on-going dispute between the Commission and European producers
over the threatened action by the producers to move over
800,000 tonnes to intervention.
    Last week saw 60,500 tonnes whites athuorised for export at
a maximum rebate of 44.819 Ecus per 100 kilos.
 REUTER

Chrysler Financial Corp is issuing a 50
mln stg eurobond due April 30, 1992 paying 9-1/2 pct and priced
at 101-1/8 pct, lead manager Union Bank Of Switzerland
Securities said.
    The bond is available in denominations of 1,000 and 10,000
stg and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession and 5/8 pct for
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Noranda Aluminum Inc. said it has
increased its primary aluminum prices by two cents a lb,
effective with new orders as of March 25 and all shipments
beginning May 1.
    The new price for unalloyed ingot will be 64.5 cents a lb
while the new price for extrusion billet will be 72.5 cents a
lb.
 Reuter

Utilicorp United Corp
said it expects to report 1987 first quarter earnings of about
12 mln dlrs or about 1.12 dlrs a share and revenues of about
190 mln dlrs.
    In the comparable quarter a year ago, Utilicorp earned 8.5
mln dlrs or 87 cts on revenues of 203 mln dlrs.
    There are 9.6 mln shares outstanding this year, up from the
8.5 mln shares in 1986, Utilicorp's president Richard Green
told financial analysts here.
    First quarter 1987 results include one month contribution
of West Virginia Power, which became a division on March 1,
1987, Green said in remarks prepared for delivery to analysts.
    Higher earnings for the period reflected reduced operating
and maintenenace expenses and about 10 mln dlrs in rate
increases in Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas and Colorado, he said.
    However, Utilicorp's Missouri Public Service division is
experiencing the effect of a 5.9 pct rate reduction authorized
in September 1986, he noted.
    Of Utilicorp's total revenues expected for the 1987 first
quarter, about 43 mln dlrs will be derived from electric
operations and about 147 mln dlrs will come from gas
operations, he said.
    Operating income derived from electric operations in the
first three months of 1987 is estimated to be eight mln dlrs,
while the contribution from gas operations will be about 10 mln
dlrs, Green said.
    Green told analysts that Utilicorp received regulatory
approval from various states and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission to reincorporate in Delaware, effective April one.
    Utilicorp signed an agreement with Cominco Ltd of Vancouver
to extend the deadline to May 31, 1987, for completion of the
company's purchase of West Kootenay Power and Light of British
Columbia, due to a longer than expected regulatory approval
process, he said.
    Hearings were completed in February and a decision by the
British Columbia Utilities Commission on the 60 mln dlrs
purchase by Utilicorp is pending, he said.
 Reuter

Stockholder Systems Inc said it has
agreed in principle to acquire privately-held Software Concepts
Inc, which provides software for check processing, mortgage
application processing and safe deposit box accounting, for
undisclosed terms.
    Software Concepts had revenues of about 3,200,000 dlrs for
the year ended June 30.
 Reuter

The New York Stock Exchange said a
seat on the New York Futures Exchange sold for 200 dlrs,
unchanged from the previous sale on Tuesday.
    The Exchange said the current bid is 100 dlrs and the offer
is 200 dlrs.
 Reuter

Manny, Moe and Jack Inc
said its board declared a three-for-one stock split and raised
the quarterly dividend to six cts presplit from 5-1/2 cts.
    Both are payable July 27 to holders of record July One and
the
    The split is subject to shareholder approval at the May 18
annual meeting of an increase in authorized common shares to
500 mln from 40 mln, the company said.
 Reuter

Anheuser-Busch Cos Inc said
Dennis Long, vice president and group executive of the company,
and president of its beer subsidiary, Anheuser-Busch Inc, is
resigning from the company.
    The company said it accepted his resignation at a regular
meeting of the board of directors.
    He will be replaced as president of the unit by August
Busch III, chairman and president of the company, and chairman
and chief executive officer of the unit, the company said.
    Long said in a statement referring to his resignation: "I
have great respect for Anheuser-Busch and its management team.
As president of Anheuser-Busch Inc I assume full responsibility
for the actions if its officers and employees and have chosen
to resign in the best interest of the company."
    Published reports have said Long is under investigation by
the company concerning charges of improper conduct by certain
employees and suppliers. A spokesman for the company would not
comment further about Long's resignation.
    The company's stock was down 1-1/8 to 34-3/4 this morning.
 Reuter

 
said if it is unsuccessful in gaining shareholder approval for
a debt refinancing with Colorado National Bankshares Inc
&lt;COLC>, the bank will have the right to foreclose on
Greenwood's assets.
    On January 28, Greenwood's board approved an agreement with
Colorado National calling for the sale of 4,300,000 shares of
New London Oil owned by Greenwood for 1,700,000 dlrs and
calling for a restructuring and recapitalizing of Greenwood,
subject to shareholder approval.
    As a result of declines in the value of oil and natural gas
properties brought on by the fall in prices for those fuels,
Greenwood started facing substantial bank debt prepayment
requirements in 1986.
    The New London shares are to be sold to a party in London.
    On February 1, Colorado National released to the company
all cash flow from oil and natural gas operations and reduced
its debt in return for the payment of 1,700,000 dlrs from the
sale of the New London stock and other considerations.  Eighty
pct of Greenwood's cash flow from oil and gas operations had
been allocated to servicing debt to the bank.
    Under the deal with Colorado National, existing preferred
and common stocks would be converted into a new common stock,
subject to shareholder approval.
    The company said it expects to file proxy materials for the
special meeting of shareholders at which the matter will be
considered by the first week of April, mail material to
shareholders by early May and schedule the meeting for about 30
days thereafter.
    It said its 1985 audit -- not conducted at the end of that
year due to lack of funds -- is being conducted now, along with
the 1986 audit, by Touche Ross and Co.
    Greenwood said as soon as its 1985 audit is completed, it
will apply for readmission to the NASDAQ system, from which it
was delisted last year.
    It also said it probably plans to change its name to
Greenwood Holdings due to its planned redirection from natural
resources.
 Reuter

The U.S. Caterpillar Tractor
Co was granted a court injunction ordering some 300 workers to
end their 10-week occupation of the firm's factory, court
sources said.
    The workers, staging a sit-in to protest Caterpillar's
decision to close the plant with the loss of 1,221 jobs, are
due to decide on their next step at a mass meeting tonight.
    Yesterday a spokesman for the workers said they would
comply with the law if forced out.
    Caterpillar wants to dismiss the workforce and close the
plant in May.
 Reuter


******BALDRIGE SAYS U.S. WILL NOT LET JAPAN DOMINATE WORLD ELECTRONICS MARKET
Blah blah blah.




******LEAR SIEGLER DEPOSITS 79.4 MLN DLRS TO SECURE NOTES, EFFECTS REORGANIZATION
Blah blah blah.



Unisys Corp vice chairman Joseph
Kroger said the company's new series 1100 mainframe computer
products will not be available for at least a year.
    At a press conference introducing new products in the V500
computer series, Kroger said Unisys's new Super 90 and Mercury
computers will not be available until after March 1988. The
products are being developed for addition to the 1100 series.
    No specific time frame had been set for introduction of the
Super 90, which will be based on the existing 1190 mainframe,
or the Mercury, which will be a new computer, a Unisys
spokesman said.
    "There is a lot of pent-up customer demand for the
products," Kroger told Reuters. But Unisys has not lost any
customers currently using its 1190 mainframes because of the
wait for the new products, he said.
    At the press conference, Kroger said Unisys is not
developing a one-megabit computer memory chip but will probably
buy them when appropriate from Japanese suppliers.     In
response to a question, Kroger indicated first quarter orders
should be up from a year ago, with international business good
and the U.S. market still "difficult."
 Reuter

American International Group Inc said
it sold its South African subsidiary, American International
Insurance Co Ltd, to Johannesburg Insurance Holdings Ltd, a
holding company owned by a consortium of shareholders led by
Rand Merchant Bank.
    Terms were not disclosed and company officials were
unavailable for comment.
    With the conclusion of the sale, American International has
entirely divested itself of its holdings in South Africa.
 Reuter

Shr 25 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 2.8 mln vs 2.3 mln
    Revs 135.0 mln vs 119.0 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 80 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 8.9 mln vs 7.7 mln
    Revs 407.7 mln vs 403.7 mln
 Reuter

Univation Inc said it has
entered marketing agreements with eight major European
distributors in seven countries.
    The company said the agreements are expected to yield ten
mln dlrs in sales in the next 18 months.
 Reuter

Australia's opposition coalition of
Liberal and National parties has closed the ruling Labour
party's three percentage point lead in the past month, a public
opinion poll published today said.
    The Morgan Gallup Poll showed both sides were level on 45.5
pct in a nation-wide poll of about 2,000 voters.
    It also showed public support was growing for Andrew
Peacock, who was dismissed as the opposition's foreign affairs
spokesman two days ago, although the poll was conducted a week
before he was removed.
    The survey, published in the Bulletin magazine, said 49 pct
of the voters wanted Peacock while only 18 pct supported
opposition leader John Howard.
    Peacock has said he may challenge Howard for the leadership
before the next elections due before April, 1988.
    Howard sacked Peacock as shadow foreign minister after
accusing him of undermining the leadership during a telephone
conversation with another party member.
    The car-telephone conversation was picked up by an
unidentified man using a radio scanner and published in the
Melbourne Sun newspaper.
 REUTER


******Sumita says major nations cooperated to stabilise currencies.
Blah blah blah.



Preliminary trade figures for
February show an excess of exports over imports of 119.1 mln
N.Z. Dlrs, a Statistics Department statement said.
    This compares with a 3.3 mln dlr deficit (revised from 1.7
mln) in January and a 36.1 mln dlr deficit in February 1986.
    Exports rose to 998.4 mln dlrs, from 889.2 mln (revised
from 889.5) in January and 903.2 in February 1986. Imports
dropped to an estimated 879.4 mln dlrs from 892.5 (revised from
891.2) in January and 939.3 in February 1986. The deficit for
the eight months to the end of February was 15.3 mln dlrs, as
against 1.057 billion dlrs in the same period a year ago.
 REUTER


******Sumita says Bank of Japan has no intention of lowering its discount rate
Blah blah blah.



The yen could rise to 140 yen to the
dollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.
    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential Japan
Federation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), told
reporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).
The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economy
is not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."
    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.
Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as the
American situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," he
said.
    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,
Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,
including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.
    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters for
wage increases this year as a means of raising private
consumption and thus boosting domestic demand.
    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.
    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressing
the outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in addition
to hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic market
manufacturers through cheap imports.
    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsuki
said.
    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and a
downturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect service
industries, he said.
    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fully
employ those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, he
said.
    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall in
the business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possible
recession in the Japanese economy, he said.
    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyond
levels experienced in 1986.
    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last week
the economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performance
since 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil
price crisis.
    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost the
economy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of land
and reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along with
steps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said.
 REUTER

Shr "A" 138.9 H.K. Cents vs 97.4 (adjusted)
    Shr "B" 27.8 cents vs 19.5
    Final div "A" 44 cents vs 32.3, making 62 vs 47 (adjusted)
    Final div "B" 8.8 cents vs 6.5, making 12.4 vs 9.4
    Net 1.78 billion dlrs vs 1.23 billion
    Turnover 16.6 billion vs 13.7 billion
    Note - Net profits excluded extraordinary gains of 1.38
billion dlrs vs 59.1 mln. The non-recurrent earnings mainly
derived from the firm's sale of a 15.75 pct stake in Cathay
Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> in April.
    Note - Earnings per share and dividends have been adjusted
for the firm's two-for-one bonus issue made in April.
    Note - Bonus issue one-for-five for both "A" and "B" shares
against two-for-one.
    Note - Dividends payable June 2, books close April 16 to
24.
    Note - Net asset value per "A" share 6.94 dlrs vs 4.81 and
per "B" share 1.39 dlrs vs 0.96.
 REUTER

Kloeckner &amp; Co KGaA, the
international trading group, said its 1986 domestic group net
profit fell by around 20 pct against 1985, adding that the
profit resulted largely from a writing back of reserves.
    The company, which gave no 1986 profit figures, posted a
domestic group net profit of 41 mln marks in 1985.
    It said the 1986 profit was made possible through a 40 mln
mark write-back of reserves that had been created to cover
possible price rises. These reserves were no longer necessary
because of recent declines in raw material prices.
    Kloeckner attributed the profit decline to the fall in
prices as well as the lower value of the dollar.
    It said it would pay an unchanged dividend on its ordinary
share capital, which is entirely in private hands and held
largely by family foundations.
    Kloeckner's nominal 100 mark profit-participation
certificates, issued in October 1986, will pay a likely yield
of around 10 pct. Holders of the certificates are entitled to a
quarter of the 1986 payment, or around 2.50 marks, the company
added.
 REUTER

Brazil and its bank advisory committee
agreed to transmit a request for an extension of short-term
credit lines totaling 16 billion dlrs for 60 days until May 31,
Brazilian Central Bank President Francisco Gros said.
    Speaking after talks with the committee here, Gros also
said he did not expect to make interest payment to the banks at
this moment.
    He added that "no one should expect any dramatic
developments before March 31."
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68
billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
    Bankers said they would relay the Brazilian request for an
extension but declined to say whether they were specifically
endorsing it.
    Gros said the decision, which he called a "standstill"
arrangement, will be communicated to Brazil's 700 bank
creditors by telex tomorrow. Banks had been pressing Brazil to
make at least a token interest payment, but Gros said the
government was unable to comply for the moment.
    He stressed however that Brazil was willing to pay as soon
as it could, but added that a payment of interest was not
connected with the extension of the credit lines.
    "That would not be wise," he said.
    He said that the extension of the short-term lines would
not be carried out through "an official instrument" as there was
not time to complete the legal requirements.
    Gros said Brazil was likely to meet again with the 14-bank
advisory committee once Brazil had information to present on an
economic plan.
 REUTER

Shr five cts vs 51 cts
    Net 2,300,000 vs 22,500,000
    Revs not given
    Note: Prior shr and net include 20.3 mln U.S. dlr gain on
sale of equity holdings
    Results in U.S. funds
 Reuter

Mthly div 7.3 cts vs 7.5 cts in prior month
    Payable April six
    Record Marcxh 30
 Reuter

South Africa's new foreign debt
agreement sparked a rally in local financial markets, but
bankers and economists said the pact only removes one source of
anxiety from a still depressed economy.
    "We have not gone from "no confidence" to "full confidence" yet,"
commented one banker, who saw the agreement as having marginal
influence on fundamental economic problems.
    Money market analysts cited the debt renegotiation as the
main impetus behind increases today in both the commercial and
financial rand.
    The commercial rand, used for current account transactions,
rose 0.5 cts to 49 U.S. Cts while the financial rand jumped
nearly two cts to 33 U.S. Cts.
    All equity and fixed investment flows of foreigners take
place through the financial rand, which is considered the main
barometer of South Africa's attractiveness to overseas
investors.
    Analysts predicted the debt arrangement plus further gains
in the gold price could push the commercial rand over 50 U.S.
Cts and the financial rand to 35 cents in the next few weeks.
    They said the financial rand in particular was being driven
by a tentative provision in the new debt agreement that could
favourably affect the currency.
    Foreign creditors may get permission to convert loan
balances and short-term claims into equity investments in South
Africa.
    Finance Minister Barend du Plessis said the Reserve Bank
was "investigating the implications of such conversions in light
of terms and restrictions of the financial rand system."
    Du Plessis in disclosing the new agreement last night said
the recent sharp rise in the financial rand was an example that
"some foreign investors are again taking a more realistic view
of South Africa."
    Terms of the debt agreement call for South Africa to repay
1.42 billion dlrs of 13 billion dlrs of frozen debt over the
next three years. The agreement extends a standstill
arrangement, expiring June 30, that has been in place since
August, 1985.
    Bankers said the repayment amounts essentially confirmed
their private estimates and could be comfortably met by the
monetary authorities.
    "They (creditors) asked for the maximum amount and we
offered the minimum," said one banking source, reacting to
reports from London that creditors were hoping for larger
repayments.
    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said South Africa
should have "no difficulty whatsoever" with the terms.
    Economists said the debt agreement would have no
significant impact on economic problems continuing to face
South Africa including high rates of inflation and
unemployment, labour unrest and political uncertainty.
    Johannesburg Stock Exchange president Tony Norton, speaking
yesterday before the debt agreement, said the economy was "in
bad shape" and there was "an awful lot of talk but little action"
to cure serious problems.
 REUTER

The Federal Reserve Board
unanimously approved a proposal to allow Federal Reserve banks
to offer a redeposit service for bounced checks.
    The service would allow a commercial bank that sends checks
to a reserve bank for collection to instruct the reserve bank
to redeposit a bounced check rather than return it.
    The reserve banks would be required to charge a fee for the
redeposit service that would cover its costs.
    The plan would leave it to each reserve bank to set a
dollar cutoff for eligible returns.
    The Fed acted after industry studies showed that nearly
two-thirds of bounced checks cleared the second time around.
    The Fed said studies show that fewer than one pct of the
more than 40 billion checks written each year in the United
States are returned unpaid.
    Of those returned, about half are written for less than 100
dlrs.
    The Fed said many commercial banks already routinely
redeposit low-dlr-value checks returned to them for
insufficient funds.
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,440,000 vs 830,000
    Revs 15.9 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 12,342,000 vs 10,826,000
 Reuter

Hovnanian Enterprises Inc said the
company's earnings for year would exceed the 1.65 dlrs a share
previously announced and could go as high as 1.75 dlrs for
fiscal year ended  Feb 28, 1987.
    The company posted net earnings of 11.5 mln dlrs, or 1.72
dlrs per share, on revenues of 199.3 mln dlrs for fiscal year
1986. These figures reflect two three-for-two stock splits in
March and August 1986.
    At the Annual Drexel Burnham Lambert Construction
Conference here, Hovnanian executive vice presidnt Ara
Hovnanian said the company expects an earnings range of between
2.35 dlrs and 2.55 dlrs per share for fiscal 1988.
    Total revenues for the year ending Feb 29, 1988, should be
between 320 mln and 350 mln, he said.
 Reuter

Swedish Export Credit is issuing 75 mln
New Zealand dlr eurobonds due April 28, 1989, paying 19 pct and
priced at 101-1/4 pct, lead manager Credit Suisse First Boston
said.
    The bond is available in denominations of 1,000 and 5,000
dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg. Fees comprise 7/8 pct
selling concession and 3/8 pct management and underwriting.
 REUTER

J.A.M. Inc said it won a 1.5 mln dlr
contract to produce and develop a series of courses on computer
and data processing systems for use by colleges and 
businesses.
    J.A.M. Executive Vice President Anthony Busch said he could
not disclose the name of the firm that awarded J.A.M. the
contract because of a confidentiality agreement. But he
described it as a leading supplier of educational materials.
    J.A.M., headquartered in Rochester, N.Y., develops 
training programs and supplies video production services.
 Reuter

Bayou Resources Inc said it reached an
definite agreement to be acquired by Patrick Petroleum Co
through a stock and cash transaction valued at six dlrs per
Bayou share.
    Bayou also reported net loss of three cts or 23,024 dlrs
for the fourth quarter compared with a net income of 10,128
dlrs or one cts a year. Revenues fell to 532,807 dlrs from
769,465 dlrs a year ago.
    For the year, Bayou reported a net loss of 14 cts or
116,793 dlrs compared to a net income of 23 cts or 203,372
dlrs. Revenues fell to 2.4 mln dlrs from 3.3 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Gould Inc said it is introducing a new
generation of very high performance mini supercomputers for
intensive engineering applications.
    Called the NPL, the mini supercomputers use Gould's UTX/32
operating system, which is a compatible multi-processor
extension of the UNIX operating system consisting of complete
AT and T System V and Berkeley BSD 4.3 environments, company
officials said at a teleconference.
    "The introduction of the NPL family of mini supercomputers,
is by far Gould's most significant computer line developed to
date," chairman James McDonald said.
    Patrick Rickard, computer systems president, said that he
expects sales of NPL family computers to account for 20 pct of
the division's revenues for the first year after its
introduction, and increase to 80 pct of revenues in five years.
    Computer operations accounted for one third or about 300
mln dlrs of Gould's total revenues for 1986 of 908.8 mln dlrs,
a company spokesman said.
    The NP1, the first series of the new family, uses an open
systems architecture, including parallel and high speed vector
processing and "massive" memory to achieve its supercomputing
capability, Gould officers said.
    The NP1 family will form the foundation for new systems
which are expected to be brought to market through the 1990s,
McDonald said.
    The computers are expected to have applications in science
and engineering, in aerospace and defense and extend into other
areas such as medical sciences, Rick Baron, senior director of
marketing development said.
    Gould said it priced and packaged the NP1 at a cost which
will provide the power and advantages of a traditional
supercomputer at a fraction of the cost.
    The NP1 product line includes several models priced from
395,000 dlrs to 2.9 mln dlrs, Gould officials said adding that
the company has already signed orders for eight NP1 systems.
    The low-end NP1 models will be available in the 1987 third
quarter and the high-end will be available in the 1988 first
quarter, they said.
    According to Gould officials, the NP1 cost 50 mln dlrs to
develop and the company plans to spend between 100 to 150 mln
to develop the rest of the family line. Between now and 1995,
the company expects to ship two to three billion dlrs of NP1
mini supercomputers.
    Offering up to 96 mln Whetstone instructions per second and
320 mln floating point operations per second, the largest of
the new systems, Model 480, incorporates up to four billion
bytes of physical memory, they said.
    The NP1 family has connectability but not compatability
with IBM and Xerox computers, a company spokesman said.
 Reuter

Allied-Signal Inc said it
agreed to sell its Linotype Group unit to &lt;Commerzbank AG>
of West Germany for an undisclosed amount.
    Allied-Signal said Commerzbank is expected to offer shares
of the unit to the public later this year.
    The company said the agreement is subject to approval by
the government and its shareholders.
    The Linotype unit, based in Eschborn, West Germany, had
revenues in 1986 of more than 200 mln dlrs, the company said.
    The company said top management of Linotype plan to remain
with the unit, which has operations in the United States, West
Germany and the United Kingdom.
    Allied-Signal announced in December that it planned to sell
the Linotype unit as well as six other businesses in its
electronics and instrumentation segment.
    Linotype is a supplier of type and graphics composition
systems.
 Reuter

American Can Co said it is issuing in
the Euromarkets 175 mln dlrs of convertible Eurodollar bonds
due 2002 with a 5-1/2 pct coupon and par pricing.
    The Eurobonds are convertible into the company's common
stock at 66.75 dlrs per share, representing a premium of 27.5
pct over today's closing stock price, American Can said.
    Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, which
could include refinancing outstanding debt, business
acquisitions or investments. The debt is being offered via a
syndicate managed by Morgan Stanley International, Credit
Suisse First Boston and Salomon Brothers International.
 Reuter

Sony Corp said it plans to
begin shipping samples in the fall of a 130 millimeter erasable
magneto-optical disk system used for data storage. It said it
estimates the cost of the sample drives will be one mln yen
with sample media costing 30,000 yen.
    Sony said it will ship samples to potential customers in
Japan or overseas depending on demand.
    Sony said the product's development stems from continued
progress in key technologies such as newly structured recording
layers using a polycarbonate base and high power lasers with
high-speed data transfers, among other things.
 Reuter

NASDAQ said short interest as of
mid-march totaled 184.9 mln shares compared to 215.7 mln shares
for the month of February.
    NASDAQ said the mid-March figures are based on 3,983
securities and the February figures are based on 3,842
securities.
    
 Reuter

Thailand's foreign reserves of gold,
special drawing rights and convertible currencies fell to 3.86
billion dlrs at end-February from 3.95 billion the previous
month, but were above the 3.08 billion held at the same time
last year, the Bank of Thailand said.
    It said the reserves were equal to about five months' worth
of imports.
 REUTER

Citibank NA is issuing up to 50,000
currency warrants which give the holder a call right on U.S.
Dollars from marks or yen, Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd said as
sole manager.
    Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs for either 182.50
marks or 149.50 yen between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989.
    The warrants will be listed in Luxembourg and pay date is
March 31. Exercise, requiring one day's notice, must be for a
minimum of 100 warrants through one currency only.
 REUTER

Feed compounds, balancers and
concentrates produced in Britain in the five weeks ended
January 31 totalled 973,400 tonnes, against 966,200 tonnes
produced in the same 1986 period, Ministry of Agriculture
figures show.
    However, cattle/calf feed output, the largest single
component, was 7.2 pct down at 435,900 tonnes against 469,900
tonnes. Pig feed was 170,800 tonnes versus 171,600, and poultry
feed 287,600 compared with 256,600. Other smaller components
included in the total all showed increases.
 REUTER

The Finance Ministry has accepted a
decision by the securities industry to expand the share of
foreign brokers in the 10-year bond underwriting syndicate to
5.73 pct from 1.19 pct now, a ministry spokesman said.
    Earlier this month, the ministry approved a plan to expand
the securities industry's share in the syndicate to 26.2 pct
from 26 pct from April to allow six foreign securities firms to
participate, he said.
    The banks' share in the syndicate will be cut to 73.8 pct
from 74 pct from April.
    Each of the original 17 foreign brokers had a 0.07 pct
share, but the securities industry said in a report accepted by
the ministry that it decided to raise the share of some foreign
firms due to their commitment to the Japanese market.
    Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd will have one pct, while S.G.
Warburg and Co Ltd, Goldman, Sachs International Corp, Jardine
Fleming (Securities) Ltd, First Boston Corp, Merrill Lynch
Securities Co and Morgan Stanley and Co Inc will each have 0.5
pct.
    Vickers da Costa Ltd and Smith Barney, Harris Upham
International Inc will each have 0.3 pct. Kleinwort, Benson
Ltd, Kidder, Peabody and Co Ltd, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc,
Deutsche Bank AG and W.I. Carr, Sons and Co each get 0.1 pct.
    Bache Securities (Japan) Ltd, Hoare Govett (Far East) Ltd
and J. Henry Schroeder Bank and Trust Co and the six new
syndicate members -- E.F. Hutton International Inc, Shearson
Lehman Brothers Asia Inc, Dresdner Bank AG, Swiss Bank Corp
International Asia Inc, Sogen Security Corp and Swiss Union
Philips and Drew Ltd -- will each have a 0.07 pct share in the
securities industry.
 REUTER

London's rise as a trading centre for
U.S. Government debt has been spurred by the increasing use of
interest rate swaps, which are now arranged for most new issues
in the eurobond markets, traders and analysts said.
    Indeed, eurobond traders estimate that about 80 pct of all
new debt issued here last year -- over 186 billion dlrs worth
-- was part of either an interest rate or currency swap.
    "The U.S. Treasuries market here is swap-driven," said David
Jones, vice president at Goldman Sachs and Co international and
head of its U.S. Government bond trading desk.
    "It is commonplace to have trades of 100 mln dlrs or more in
10-years, seven years or five years, all related to an interest
rate swap or hedging of a eurobond deal," Jones said at a recent
conference on the U.S. Treasuries market.
    Just a year or so ago, he said, trades of that size going
through brokers screens in London were unthinkable.
    Traders said that over the past two weeks, while trading in
U.S. Treasuries has been almost frozen by indecision over the
direction of interest rates, swap-related deals have provided
the sole source of new business.
    Dealers said that last week, a 260 mln dlr trade involving
two and 10-year Treasuries was transacted on brokers' screens.
    The trade, they said, was swap related.
    There are no firm figures on exactly how much U.S. Treasury
debt is traded here and estimates vary widely.
    But Wrightson Economics, a U.S.-based research firm which
drew its data from U.S. Treasury reports, estimated that gross
transactions in U.S. Government securities in London rose to
341 billion dlrs in the first nine months of 1986 alone,
against 188 billion in all of 1985.
    Wrightson estimates that about 20 pct of all U.S. Treasury
trading is transacted outside the U.S., With Tokyo forming the
third major centre.
    And while figures are not yet available for the last
quarter, the anecdotal evidence suggests that the trend
continued, traders say.
    Richard Lacy, chief executive at Exco International, put
average daily Treasuries trading volume in London at about 15
billion dlrs. Exco recently purchased an 80 pct interest in RMJ
Securities inc, one of the four major brokers in U.S.
Government bonds which has offices in London, New York and
Tokyo.
    But Dick Van Splinter, president of RMJ's competitor,
Fundamental Brokers Inc's London operations, estimates average
daily turnover is no more than four to five billion dlrs.
    But even at the low range of estimates, Treasuries trading
volume is at least equal to that in the U.K.'s own government
bonds, known as gilts.
     Jeremy Ford, vice president at Bankers Trust International
Ltd, explained that U.S. Treasuries are used by intermediaries
in swap transactions to lock in the "spread," the difference
between the interest rate the borrower has to pay and the rate
that the counterparty is obliged to pay.
    But even beyond swap-related activity, dealers said the
nature of trading in London has changed.
    "The interesting thing our figures show is the transition in
London from a marketing effort to a trading effort," said Louis
Crandall, an economist at Wrightson who has been collecting the
data.
    Crandall said that previously, firms' activities were
limited to trying to sell U.S. Securities to European
investors. Now, however, they appear increasingly willing act
as principal in transactions rather than acting on behalf of
their New York offices.
    Increasingly, traders say, firms maintain separate profit
and loss sheets for their London operations so that trading
decisions can be made independently from the U.S. Headquarters.
    Many of the major U.S. Firms, including Merrill Lynch and
Co, Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc and Chemical Bank trade for
their own accounts here.
    Also, traders point out, the number of U.S. Firms operating
in London has increased sharply over the past year, as has the
number of European and Asian banks which trade U.S. Government
securities.
    Within the past few months, National
Westminster Bank Plc's County Bank subsidiary and Swiss Bank
Corp have applied to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to
become primary dealers in U.S. Government securities and their
London offices have just recently received direct-dealing
brokers screens.
    And Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, already a primary dealer, is
preparing to open a U.S. Treasuries trading desk in London.
    Dick Van Splinter, president of Fundamental Brokers Inc,
the largest of the four major government bond brokers here,
said he now has 45 firms using direct-dealing screens, up from
35 a year ago.
 REUTER

A leading member of Britain's opposition
Labour Party said there was strong evidence Prime Minister
Margaret Thatcher approved the sale of anti- aircraft missiles
to Nicaraguan Contra rebels during talks last year with U.S.
Officials involved in the Iran arms scandal.
    Labour foreign affairs spokesman George Foulkes told
parliament the U.S. Tower Commission report on the sale of arms
to Iran showed Colonel Oliver North had tried to obtain 20
Blowpipe missiles and 10 launchers through a South American
country from a Belfast-based company, Short Brothers, which
manufactures the missiles.
    Short Brothers is owned by the British Government.
    Junior Foreign Officer Minister Timothy Eggar dismissed the
claims as "wild and fanciful allegations" with no foundation.
    Foulkes said North testified he was seeking the help of "a
head of an allied government" in obtaining the Blowpipes and
suggested the supply of missiles was discussed during two
meetings which he said took place between North, the then head
of the CIA William Casey and Thatcher in 1986.
    "We need to know what happened at those meetings between Mr
Casey, Colonel North and the Prime Minister last year. What
were they talking about if it were not the supply of Blowpipe
missiles to the Contra terrorists?" Foulkes said.
 Reuter

Yugoslavia is seeking a loan of 600
mln ECUs from the European Community for transport system
modernisation, Deputy Finance Minister Boris Skapin was quoted
by the official Tanjug news agency.
    The community has offered Yugoslavia only 380 mln ECUs, he
said. The loan is to help finance completion of Yugoslavia's
north-south motorway, railway modernisation and export-oriented
industrial projects.
    Skapin told reporters in Brussels yesterday the requested
loan accounted for only 10 pct of total funds needed for these
projects, Tanjug said.
 REUTER

Shr 32 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 3,320,206 vs 2,990,695
    Revs 13.5 mln vs 14.9 mln
 Reuter

The chances of U.K. Stocks continuing
recent rises as budget euphoria gives way to the uncertainties
of a probable election are small, and market analysts say there
will probably be a downwards correction in the next few weeks.
    The U.K. Market has managed a dizzy rise since the New
Year, with the FT-SE index of 100 leading shares lifting 22.5
pct since January 2 to current levels around 2050.
    "Over the next month or two the odds are that the index will
drop back to around 1,900," said John Goldschmidt, head of
equities research at Chase Manhattan Securities.
    "A five to 10 pct drop is likely. There was a six pct fall
before the 1983 election when the Conservatives were further
ahead in the polls and the market was on a multiple of only 14
instead of 18 now," noted Nick Knight of brokers James Capel.
    "The old adage is "sell in May and go away'. That's likely to
apply this year but will probably start in April," he added.
    But few analysts believed a correction would spell the end
of the bull run that has now lasted for some six years.
    "As long as corporate profits and earnings keep on growing
then the pressure for continued rises will be there. There
seems little prospect of the growth stopping in 1987/1988," one
said.
    Much of the recent enthusiasm has stemmed from the belief,
already virtually discounted, that the ruling Conservatives
will call an election in the next few months - probably June -
and sweep home to a third term in office.
    Even if this does happen, however, pre-election nerves are
likely to produce the traditional effect of damping down the
market until the result is clear.
    "It's likely there will be one or two hiccups of confidence
about the Tories winning an overall majority," Goldschmidt said.
    "It would be quite out of character for the market to
continue to sail serenely upwards right through the election
and beyond," added brokers Phillips and Drew in a recent report.
    The belief that the government itself is worried about the
impact of the Alliance party disrupting the usual two-corner
fight of Conservative and Labour with unpredictable results, is
not likely to give reassurance, one analyst noted.
    Other factors also indicate that the market is vulnerable
to a downwards correction. U.K. Stocks had ridden up partly on
the back of record rises in New York and Japan and a pause in
either suggests that London would inevitably follow suit.
    There would also be little new encouragement provided by
general economic factors as much of the recent optimistic news,
including this month's half point cut in base rates to 10 pct,
is already built into prices.
    "The economy is looking okay, but it can't support 20 pct
increases every three months indefinitely," one said.
    Also, market liquidity, a powerful driving force behind the
recent rises, shows signs of drying up under the pressure of
the government's privatisation campaign.
    The next few months will see cash calls for second tranche
payments on British Gas Plc &lt;BRGS.L> and British Airways Plc
&lt;BAB.L> as well as the proposed sale of &lt;Rolls Royce Plc> and
the as-yet untimetabled sale of the government's 31.7 pct stake
in British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L>.
    On top of that, there will be calls from the gilt market
even though last week's budget limited the projected 1987/88
borrowing requirement to four billion stg.
    "We are looking for a squeeze on cash flow, and that's not
including rights issues which have been low so far this year
and may pick up in the second quarter," Knight said.
 Reuter

United Medical Corp said it
has reached a definitive agreement to sell its hospital
distribution unit to &lt;Myriad Group Inc> for undisclosed terms,
with closing expected in the next several weeks.
 Reuter

VICORP Restaurants Inc said by mutual
agreement with United Trust Fund it has terminated the sale and
leaseback of 29 Bakers Square restaurant properties.
    The company completed a sale/leaseback of 31 Baker Street's
with United Trust in December, raising 26.5 mln dlrs. VICORP
said it does not feel it necessary to proceed with the
remainder of the sale/leasebacks due to improvement in its
financial condition.
 Reuter

Minntech Corp, a medical
device manufacturer, said it has received an additional 175,000
dlrs from C.R. Bard &lt;BCR> to develop and market an advanced
membrane oxygenator for use in open heart surgery.
    Minntech said Bard paid it the money on top of the 825,000
dlrs in non-refundable contract revenues Bard already paid as
part of a development agreement. The company said it received
the money after it delivered oxygenator units for animal
testing to the Utah Biological Testing Laboratories.
    Minntech also said it will receive additional milestone
payments as the project development progresses, adding that
Bard has agreed to buy some oxygenators following project
completion and Food and Drug Administration approval.
    Minntech President Louis Cosentino said the animal testing
was successful and the company can now file for FDA approval
and equip its oxygenator manufacturing facility.
 Reuter

Shr loss two cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 103,000 vs profit 319,000
    Revs 4,357,000 vs 6,494,000
    Avg shrs 5,415,185 vs 5,646,185
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,236,000 vs profit 570,000
    Revs 22.2 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Avg shrs 5,638,596 vs 5,646,185
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 30,400 dlrs in
quartger and 58,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter

Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
    NOTE: B.F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust.
 Reuter

Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein
Mousavi said Iran had "more effective" missiles at its disposal
than the shore-to-sea missiles which had provoked U.S. Concern,
Tehran Radio reported.
    A U.S. State Department spokesman said last week Iran had
acquired Chinese-made Silkworm missiles which posed a greater
threat to shipping in the Gulf than the weapons previously
used.
    Tehran Radio, monitored by the British Broadcasting Corp,
quoted Mousavi as saying that Tehran officially announced after
its forces overran southern Iraq's Faw peninsula in February
last year that it had shore-to-sea missiles.
    "The fact that the Americans, after so much delay, are now
thinking of expressing their concern with panic is because
Reagan needs this sensation now," said Mousavi, speaking after a
cabinet meeting in Tehran.
    "We also announce today that these missiles are not the
limit of our war capabilities in the Gulf," he added.
    Mousavi said the security of the Gulf region had nothing to
do with the U.S. But Iran would resort to any action to defend
the Gulf, "even those actions which are not thought probable by
Westerners."
 Reuter

Shr 19 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 362,692 vs 347,868
    Revs 6,311,808 vs 5,827,538
    12 mths
    Shr 60 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 1,152,746 vs 1,534,503
    Revs 24.7 mln vs 25.2 mln
 Reuter

Navistar International Corp chairman
Donald Lennox repeated that benefits from recapitalization are
likely to boost future earnings for fiscal 1987.
    Lennox told the annual meeting that future quarterly and
full year earnings from ongoing operations should be
"significantly above 1986 results."
    In his remarks, Lennox said management has no plans to
recommend reinstatement of the company's common stock dividend
in the foreseeable future.
    He said the outlook for the medium duty truck market
continues to point to little or no change. But recent order
receipts indicate a "firmer tone in the heavy duty truck
segment," which could result in a five to eight pct increase in
industry shipments for the full year, he said.
    After restructuring under the holding company format, the
company's present truck and engine subsidiary will be known as
Navistar International Transportation Corp. Neil Springer
currently president and chief operating officer of Navistar
International was named chairman of the new subsidiary.
    James Cotting, now vice chairman and chief financial
officer, was named to succeed Lennox as chairman and chief
executive officer of Navistar International Corp. Lennox will
retire March 31.
    Shareholders at the meeting approved a change in the
company's structure to a holding company format, to be
effective April 1.
 Reuter

K Mart Apparel Corp, a unit of K Mart
Corp, said it purchased 35 acres 15 miles east of downtown
Dallas from Baker Associates No. 2 Joint Venture.
    Financial details were not disclosed.
    K Mart said it will construct a 456,000-square-foot
distribution center and 15,000 square feet of office space on
the site.
 Reuter

Qtly div 67 cts vs 67 cts prior qtr
    Pay 30 April
    Record 10 April
 Reuter

Shr profit five cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 91,000 vs loss 355,000
    Revs 11.5 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit six cts vs loss 1.45 dlrs
    Net profit 127,000 vs loss 2,846,000
    Revs 31.8 mln vs 34.9 mln
 Reuter

, a U.K. Property
company, is seeking a 100 mln stg multicurrency credit
facility, Union Bank of Switzerland (London branch) said.
    The revolving, evergreen facility will be completely
underwritten and the borrower will be able to issue cash
advances, sterling bankers acceptances and sterling commercial
paper through a tender panel.
    There will be a cap of 50 basis points over the London
Interbank Offered Rate (Libor)on any drawings for advances and
a 50 basis points commission on acceptances. There will be a
facility fee of 3/16 pct.
    Banks are being invited to join at 20 to 25 mln stg for
12-1/2 basis points, at 10 to 15 mln stg for 10 basis points
and at five to 7.5 mln stg for 7.5 basis points.
    The facility, which can only be cancelled after
underwriters provide 61 months notice to the borrower, will
refinance some of Mountleigh's existing debt.
 Reuter

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp
said that it is not willing to accept the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission's conditioned approval of its proposed
offer of settlement dated May 13.
    Transco said it filed a revised settlement proposal which
would permit it to become an open access transporter while
restructuring gas sales services.
    The new offer includes a gas supply inventory charge to
customers who fail to buy 60 pct of their annual contract
quantities and 35 pct of their summer contract quantities.
 Reuter


said it agreed in principle to acquire the assets and
operations of the Engineered Magnetics division of Gulton
Industries Inc, a unit of Mark IV Industries Inc.
    Terms were undisclosed.
    Los Angeles-based Engineered Magnetics designs and produces
custom power conversion systems mainly for use in the defense
and aerospace industries. Its revenues for the year ended
February 28 totaled about 20 mln Canadian dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr three cts vs four cts
    Net 30,969 vs 18,230
    Revs 956,971 vs 702,994
 Reuter

Automobile dealerships have become
large, multi-store operations, and the largest sell more than 1
billion dlrs a year worth of vehicles a year.
    Around the auto industry there is talk of mergers and
buyouts among dealerships, and there are rumors that the
largest are considering offering shares to the public, analysts
say.
    Retail car sales "are at a point of transition. There's not
much that's off the table in terms of creative thinking" about
ways to sell cars, says David Cole, analyst with the University
of Michigan's Transportation Research Institute.
    The retail car market is "much more freeform now" than it
was in 1956, the year things began to change, says Detroit
analyst Arvid Jauppi of Arvid Jauppi and Associates.
    Thirty years ago, in 1956, the situation was different.
Dealerships sold one kind of car--a "Chevy" or a Ford or a
Studebaker. The average dealer had 17 employees and sold
738,000 dlrs worth of vehicles, according to the National
Automobile Dealers Association.
    That year a tiny car from overseas--Germany's Volkswagen
Beatle--began to gain popularity. The "Bug" caused "a
rebellion" among dealers, who demanded greater freedom from
restrictions placed on them by the major American automakers,
says Jauppi.
    One of the most visible changes in retail car sales has
been in the size of dealerships, auto analysts say. Last year,
the average dealership had 11.2 mln dlrs in sales--a 15-fold
increase from 1956--and employed 34 workers.
    "I had one of these guys tell me he makes six, seven mln
dlrs a year and didn't know what to do with all his money,"
says Cole.
    "There's a whole lot more rich guys who sell cars than that
make cars," he says.
    With the increase in size, large dealers have been buying
up other dealerships, and auto analysts see few signs the trend
will let up.
    Donald Keithley, vice president, dealer services, for J.D.
Power, a California-based market research firm, says that, by
1990, 12,000 people will own dealerships compared to 16,800
principal owners today.
    Many dealers are experimenting with owning several
franchises, some of which might compete against each other. "It
used to be a Chevrolet dealer was a Chevrolet dealer. Now a
Chevrolet dealer might handle several lines," Jauppi says.
    As dealers get bigger, industry officials are talking about
the possibility that some of them might become publicly-owned
or open international operations.
    Offering shares to the public is an option large dealers,
"are obviously thinking of very seriously," says Cole.
    Although some say the franchise system might get in the way
of a public offering, Jauppi says there are few obstacles to
trading in car dealer shares.
    "Dealers are large enough now to go public. The only thing
the manufacturer cares about is that the dealer sells those
cars. It could happen any time," Jauppi says.
    "If you look at the whole merger mania, and look at the
scale some of these dealers, it's going to be very hard to
resist taking them public," said another analyst.
    And Jauppi says that dealerships can be expected to become
international.
    "We're going to have international dealers--dealer networks
that are worldwide," he says. U.S. dealers will be attracted
particularly to Europe, where the market will expand faster
than the U.S., he says.
    "It's not totally off the wall," says Cole.
 Reuter

 (KKK), a
Japanese autoparts maker owned 25 pct by Nissan Motor Co Ltd
&lt;NSAN.T>, has exchanged a memorandum to acquire over 50 pct of
U.S. Autoparts firm &lt;Master-Cast Co> to avoid losses on U.S.
Sales caused by the yen's rise against the dollar, a KKK
spokesman said.
    The final agreement should be signed this year when KKK
forms the new company &lt;Alfa K Technology>, he said.
    The new firm should supply all the U.S. Major car makers,
including Ford Motor Co &lt;F>, General Motor Corp &lt;GM> and
Chrysler Corp &lt;C>, he said.
 REUTER


BICC SEEKS ACCELERATED EARNINGS GROWTH LONDON, March 25 - BICC
Plc &lt;BICC.L>, which earlier announced a 10 pct rise in 1986
pre-tax profits, said it was determined to achieve higher
levels of performance, quality and service to accelerate its
improvement in earnings.
    BICC said in a statement that sales in BICC Cables were
down on 1985 due to a sharp drop in demand for cable in the oil
and chemical industries after the oil price drop. But profits
in Balfour Beatty were substantially improved.
    Profits increased in BICC Technologies and in BICC
International in local currency terms, while Associated British
Cables had another excellent year, the company said.
    BICC shares were last quoted at 357p, up from 344p at
yesterday's close, in buoyant response to results which were
ahead of market expectations, dealers said.
    BICC pre-tax profits rose to 101 mln stg in 1986 from 92
mln in 1985, with turnover rising from 2.11 billion stg in 1985
to 2.14 billion stg in 1986.
 REUTER



 said it has
raised its offer to acquire Supermarkets General Corp to 42.00
dlrs in cash and three dlrs in exchangeable preferred stock per
Supermarkets General share from 41.75 dlrs per share in cash.
    The company said it would also be willing to negotiate a
plan with the Supermarkets General board under which
Supermarkets General shareholders would have a common stock
interest in the combined company.  It said it remains willing
to negotiate all terms of the proposed acquisition.
    The original bid was worth about 1.62 billion dlrs.
    Dart said the preferred stock in the new bid would be
exchangeable for a new class of Supermarkets General debt
securities that would be developed by Dart and Supermarkets.
    The new proposal would be subject to approval by the
Supermarkets General board, it said.  The new bid was contained
in a letter to the Supermarkets General board.
    In Woodbridge, N.J., Supermarkets General -- responding to
a previous letter to its board by Dart -- said "Your conduct
indicates to us that no transaction involving trust and
confidence can be entered into with you.  Your propaganda and
missstatements will not panic our board."
    Dart, in its previous letter, had alleged that Supermarkets
General executives were seeking millions of dollar in severance
and tax payments from Dart.
 Reuter

4th qtr
    Shr 15 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,800,000 vs one mln
    Year
    Shr 51 cts vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 6,200,000 vs 13.2 mln
    NOTE: Net includes loan loss provisions of 14 cts shr vs 18
cts in quarter and 24 cts shr vs 36 cts in year.
 Reuter


******DIXONS SAID IT GOT AND ACCEPTED ONLY 20 PCT OF CYCLOPS SHARES IN TENDER
Blah blah blah.



Shr 17 cts vs seven cts
    Net 4,678,000 vs 1,856,000
    Revs 110.5 mln vs 61.7 mln
    Avg shrs 27.0 mln vs 25.0 mln
 Reuter

China must cut excess demand and capital
investment in the face of budget and foreign exchange deficits
but will press ahead with wide-ranging economic reforms in
1987, Premier Zhao Ziyang told parliament.
    Zhao told the annual meeting of the National People's
Congress that while China cooled its overheated economy, cut
its trade deficit and raised national living standards in 1986,
serious imbalances remain.
    Zhao said total social demand exceeds total supply, and
demand for consumer goods, especially from state firms, is too
high. "(They) squander public funds to a serious extent ... (and
issue) excessive wage and bonus increases," he said.
    Failure to cut this excess will "result in reduced
accumulation of funds...And serve to corrupt social morality,"
Zhao said. He said there was a contradiction between low per
capita incomes and excessively high consumer demand.
    China needs to accumulate enormous funds for construction
in its initial stage of socialist modernisation and consumption
must match the available resources, he said.
    Zhao said there was a deficit in state finances in 1986
because of the sharp fall in world oil prices, the rising cost
of foreign exchange earnings through exports, reduced income
from customs duties and unreasonably heavy spending.
    Investment in energy, transport, telecommunications and raw
and semi-finished materials industries is inadequate and
investment in non-productive projects is too large, he said.
 Reuter

 said it
had agreed in principle to buy &lt;I P Sharp Associates Ltd> of
Toronto for 30.4 mln stg.
    Sharp is a time-sharing network and database company
specialising in finance, economics, energy and aviation. It
operates a global packet-switching network and global limits
systems for foreign exchange trading.
    Sharp shareholders will be offered cash, shares or a
mixture of the two in settlement. The acquisition, which is
subject to Canadian government approval, would be through
amalgamation into a specially-created company.
    Reuters said it had been given options by a number of Sharp
shareholders covering 67 pct of the common stock pending
completion of a Reuters review of the company.
    Sharp operates 38 offices in 20 countries. In 1986 it
reported revenue of 55 mln Canadian dlrs with a pretax loss of
1.6 mln compared with a 1.9 mln profit in 1985.
    However, Sharp said that internal accounts showed the
company was in profit in the first two months of 1987.
    End-1986 net assets totalled 11.85 mln dlrs.
    A Reuters statement said the acquisition would fit
perfectly into its package for the banking and securities
industries.
 REUTER

Core-Mark
International Inc said vice-chairman Edward Stanton will become
acting chairman until the company's annual meeting following
the previously announced resignation of David Gillespie as
chairman and chief executive.
    Board member Anthony Regensburg will will become acting
chief executive and Daniel Gillespie will continue as president
and chief operating officer.
 Reuter

Shr loss 1.44 dlrs vs loss 1.50 dlrs
    Net loss 10.1 mln vs loss 8,866,000
    Revs 122.3 mln vs 112.5 mln
    Avg shrs 7,671,855 vs 6,520,928
 Reuter

Shr 40 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,979,000 vs 2,101,000
    Revs 67.7 mln vs 63.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,798,000 vs 1,034,000
    Revs 239.4 mln vs 233.2 mln
 Reuter

Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May 20
    Record April 20
 Reuter

 and
Cowen anbd Co said an initial public offering of 1,089,300
shares of Xylogics Inc is underway at 16 dlrs per share.
    The company is selling 750,000 shares and shareholders the
rest.  The company has granted underwriters an overallotment
option to buy up to 150,000 more shares.
 Reuter

The Bank of France said it will offer
four billion francs worth of negotiable Treasury bills at its
next weekly tender on March 30.
    The total includes 1.5 billion francs worth of 13-week
bills and 2.5 billion francs of 24-week bills.
    At this week's tender on Monday the Bank sold a total of
2.98 billion francs worth of 13-week bills, 3.19 billion francs
worth of five-year bills and 2.69 billion francs worth of
two-year bills.
 REUTER

Shr loss 19 cts vs profit 57 cts
    Net loss 103,005 vs profit 319,344
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,236,347 vs profit 570,222
 Reuter

Thai sugar production continued at a
high level in February, latest figures received by the
International Sugar Organization (ISO) show.
    The figures show stocks at end-February of 2.49 mln tonnes
raw value against 2.33 mln a year earlier. Analysts said this
was a new peak for the date.
    Production in February was 961,000 tonnes against 888,000
in February 1986 and took the Nov/Feb total for the current
crop to 2.25 mln tonnes. Production normally tails off sharply
after March, but in recent years production from March to the
end of the crop has been over 500,000 tonnes, analysts said.
    Thailand's exports in February were 32,800 tonnes and
consumption 57,800.
    Last month the Thai Agriculture Ministry said 1986/87
production was expected to fall to 2.3 mln tonnes from 2.48 mln
in 1985/86.
 Reuter

 said it filed
a preliminary prospectus in Canada for a 100 mln dlr issue of
1,000 class A preference shares, series G, priced at 100,000
dlrs a share.
    The preferred shares will carry a floating dividend rate
which will be determined in a monthly auction, it said.
    The issue is being bought by a group of underwriters
consisting of Dominion Securities Inc, Wood Gundy Inc, Merrill
Lynch Canada Inc, Gordon Capital Corp and Burns Fry Ltd.
    The issue raises total outstanding series G preferreds to
200 mln dlrs and total equity to more than 1.30 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

Imo Delaval said its board
declared an initial quarterly dividend of 14 cts per share,
payable April 24 to holders of record on April 6.
 Reuter

Gencorp Inc said that because it is
continuing to evaluate General Acquisition Inc's tender offer
it has fixed April 3, subject to further extension, as the date
the rights to purchase preferred shares will trade separately
from the common stock as a result of the tender offer.
    This extension of the expiration date is conditioned on no
person acquiring beneficial ownership of 20 pct or more of
Gencorp's common stock prior to April 3, it said.
    Gencorp said it could distribute the rights certificates to
shareholders 10 to 30 days after the March 18 acquisition offer
was made.
    However, rather than leaving the expiration date in a
range, the board decided to set April 3 as the day it will
distribute the preferred share purchase rights.
   
 Reuter


******Bank of Japan keeps intervening to hold dollar above 149 yen, brokers
Blah blah blah.



Worsening drought conditions in Peking
may force the authorities to ration water for industry and
farming this summer, the New China news Agency said.
    The agency quoted city officials as saying rainfall last
year was 75 millimetres lower than in 1985, and its two main
reservoirs are now only one-quarter full.
    Peking's underground water level is 60 centimetres lower
than last year, reducing daily supplies by 50,000 tons.
    The officials said daily water supplies in urban Peking
will fall 160,000 to 260,000 tons short of demand during the
hottest days this summer.
    They called for stricter control of water consumption and
greater recycling of water, adding that there was no hope of
alleviating the shortage until a new water mill starts up in
one year's time.
 REUTER

Chinese Premier Zhao Ziyang said the
threat from western political ideas which caused widespread
student demonstrations last December has been curbed.
    In an address at the opening session of China's parliament,
the National People's Congress, he accused unnamed party
leaders of being weak and lax in their supervision of ideology
and of failing to give full support to the promotion of
Marxism.
    "After several months of work since the end of last year we
have curbed bourgeois liberalisation, which was once quite
widespread," he said.
 REUTER

Saab-Scania AB is establishing a 100 mln
dlr euro-commercial paper issuance program, Enskilda Securities
said as arranger.
    Dealers will be Enskilda and Bankers Trust International
Ltd. Paper will be issued in discounted note form only and will
have maturities between seven and 365 days.
    Denominations will be 500,000 and one mln dlrs.
    Enskilda Securities said Saab-Scania hopes to activate the
program soon.
 REUTER

 expects
continued growth in all divisions this year though it sees
problems in the marine sector, chairman Michael Miles said.
    He told reporters:"1987 has started well for Cathay Pacific
Airways which looks forward to another good year... Swire
Properties expects further good results both from properties
under development for sale and from its investment property
portfolio."
    He did not give any specific projections for earnings. The
company earlier reported 46 pct higher 1986 net profits at 1.78
billion H.K. Dlrs from a year ago.
    Swire also had an extraordinary profit of 1.38 billion dlrs
mainly from the sale of a 15.25 pct interest in Cathay Pacific
Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG>.
    Miles said the company will use the money to develop its
business, primarily in Hong Kong.
    Swire's stake in Cathay was first reduced to 54.25 pct from
70 pct when Cathay was publicly floated, and then cut to 50.25
pct when Cathay issued new shares amounting to 12 pct of the
enlarged capital to the state-owned &lt;China International Trust
and Investment Corp>. Cathay last week reported its 1986
profits rose to 1.23 billion dlrs from 777 mln a year ago.
    Miles said despite last year's rapid expansion in Cathay's
flights and fleet, load factor is still holding up at 70 pct.
    He said Cathay's growth last year was the result of "a
marginal increase in the revenue load factor coupled with
savings in fuel costs."
    "At present fuel prices are stable and will remain stable
for the rest of this year," he said, "though there might be a bit
of increase later this year.''
    Miles said Swire is not abandoning its offshore oil service
operations, even though the marine sector is generally
depressed. "Obviously the marine industry is not getting any
better," he said.
    The real estate market remained strong and Swire last year
revalued its property portfolio up 634 mln dlrs compared with
an increase of 864.4 mln dlrs the previous year.
    Miles said he expects the property market to remain firm
but said the firm has no available land for a major housing
project such as its Taikoo Shing development on Hong Kong
island now near completion.
    He said the company's 50 pct unit &lt;Hongkong United Dockyard
Ltd> is negotiating with the government for the development of
an existing petroleum storage depot into a major housing
estate. "But it's not as big as Taikoo Shing," he said.
 REUTER

Afghan warplanes killed almost 150
people in bombing raids into Pakistani territory last Monday,
Pakistani officials said.
    The death toll rose from a previously reported 85 as news
emerged that a third village had been hit. About 45 people were
killed in Lwarai Mandi in North Waziristan Tribal Agency,
officials said.
    The death toll in Angur Adar in South Waziristan rose to 23
and the toll in Teri Mangal in Kurram Agency rose to 81. The
Soviet-backed Afghan government has not commented on the
reports. 
 Reuter

Shr net basis 21.4p vs 17.5p
    Div 6.1p making 9p vs 6.5p
    Pretax profit 37.2 mln stg vs 31.9 mln
    Net after tax 25.7 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Minority interest 700,000 vs 1.1 mln
    Extraordinary debit 1.9 mln vs 3.5 mln
    Turnover 827 mln vs 766.9 mln
    Note - The company said the sale of the minority holding in
OCL in 1986 has transformed the balance sheet and enables it to
accelerate development.
 REUTER

Jefferies Group Inc said it is
making a market in the stock of Supermarkets General Corp.
    It said the current bid is 45 dlrs bid, 46 dlrs offered.
 Reuter

Technimed Corp said it has received
U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to market its
proprietary whole blood glucose test.
    The company said the test is the first home diagnostic
glucose test to be approved by the FDA that uses simpler
no-wipe technology. It is designed for use by diabetics in
managing insulin therapy.
    Technimed said it has entered into talks with "several
major pharmaceutical companies" on the marketing of the test.
 Reuter

 said the
board approved a rights offering to class A non-voting
shareholders to be made on a one-for-one basis and expected to
raise between 80 mln and 100 mln dlrs.
    The company said a preliminary prospectus will be filed in
Canada later this week and final terms for the rights offering
will not be set until a final prospectus is filed.
    American Resource intends to use proceeds to expand its
investment and merchant banking activities mainly in the United
States, it said.
    Underwriters for the rights offering are Merrill Lynch
Canada Inc, Loewen, Ondaatje, McCutcheon and Co Ltd, Burns Fry
Ltd and Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd, American
Resource said.
    The company also said Peter Gottsegen, formerly managing
director of international corporate finance activities at
Salomon Brothers Inc, was appointed to the board.
    American Resource said it will invest in a U.S. company to
be owned by it and Gottsegen. Gottsegen will be chief executive
of the new company, which will engage in investment and
merchant banking activities in the United States.
 Reuter

CrossLand Savings FSB said it has
acquired Western Savings and Loand Co with the assistance of
the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp.
    CrossLand said Salt Lake City based Western has been
combined with its two Florida-based thrift subsidiaries. The
parent company contributed 50 mln dlrs in cash to the resulting
1.7 billion dlr asset subsidiary which will operate under the
name CrossLand Savings FSB with headquarters in Salt Lake City.
    CrossLand said Western, with assets of 400 mln dlrs,
operated 13 branch offices in the states of California, Oregon,
Utah and Washington.
    To facilitate the acquisition, CrossLand said, Western was
converted from a mutual to a stock association in a voluntary
supervisory conversion. Crossland and the FSLIC executived an
assistance agreement indemnifying CrossLand from certain losses
that could occur in connection with Western's loan portfolio.
    The company said James J. Heagerty, chairman and chief
executive officer of CrossLand Savings FSLA in Bradenton, Fla.,
will serve in that capacity for the new subsidiary resulting
from the merger.
    Western's president, Christopher J. Sumner, will be
president of the combined unit, CrossLand said.
 Reuter

Easco Hand Tools Inc of Hunt Valley,
Md., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the
sale of 67,275,000 dlrs in common stock, its first public stock
offering.
    It said proceeds would be used to reduce indebtedness.
    PaineWebber Inc was named underwriter.
 Reuter

The Woolwich and Equitable Building
Society is issuing a 50 mln stg eurobond due April 27, 1992
paying 9-1/2 pct and priced at 101-5/8 pct, lead manager Chase
Investment Bank Ltd said.
    The non-callable issue is available in denominations of
5,000 stg and will be listed in London.
    Fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession with 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Floods and avalanches killed 110 people
and caused around 350 mln roubles worth of damage in the
southern Soviet republic of Georgia earlier this year, the
government daily Izvestia said.
    Some 80,000 hectares of agricultural land and gardens had
been inundated, damaging tea plantations and orange groves, the
newspaper said. It added that spring sowing in southern parts
of the country was some two weeks behind schedule because of
the late thaw but gave no precise crop estimates.
    In the most detailed report to date on the heavy snows in
January and floods in February, Izvestia said 8,200 people had
been evacuated from mountain areas, 4,500 houses had been
damaged and hundreds of kilometres of roads and power lines had
been destroyed.
    A separate article in the daily warned that a sudden thaw
was expected shortly in the Ukraine and southern parts of
Russia, which experienced record snows this winter.
    Preventive measures have already been taken in some areas
including the evacuation of cattle.
 Reuter

Maytag Co said it expects capital
spending in 1987 to increase to about 60 mln dlrs from 49 mln
dlrs in 1986.
    Maytag chairman and chief executive officer Daniel Krumm
said the company plans a "significant" investment at its
Admiral refrigerator plant in Galesburg, Ill., as well as
continued spending for product improvement and increased
efficiency at other Maytag facilities.
    Earlier, the company reported 1986 net income of 111.2 mln
dlrs, or 2.57 per share, versus net income of 124.9 mln dlrs,
or 2.89 dlrs a share, in 1985.
 Reuter

Bristol-Myers Co said it has filed an
investigational new drug application with the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration requesting the agency to allow it to begin
testing its AIDS vaccine in humans.
    The company said it filed the application on behalf of its
Oncogen subsidiary, which developed the vaccine. It did not
name the drug.
    Bristol-Myers, the third largest drug company in the U.S.,
said that "considerable work remains to be done before it is
determined whether a new drug application will be develpoed for
submission to FDA."
    An investigational new drug application is the first step
in testing an agent. After clinical studies establish the
safety and efficacy of an agent, a company then submits a new
drug application to the FDA. It may take three to five years
before a new drug application is submitted and another two to
three years before the FDA approves a drug for marketing.
    Earlier this month, Bristol-Myers said the vaccine produced
antibodies to the AIDS virus in mice and monkeys. The vaccine
uses a live smallpox vaccine to carry two protein on the AIDS
virus that may, in theory, prod the immune system to produce
neutralizaing antibodies against AIDS.
    The company is the second U.S. organization that has sought
premission for human testing of an AIDS vaccine. At team headed
by Allan Goldstein of George Washington University in
Washington was the first.
    Repligen Corp &lt;RGEN> has said it plans to seek regulatory
permission to test its AIDS vaccine by the beginning of the
summer. And Genentech Inc &lt;GENE> has also said it plans to ask
the FDA to approve human testing of its AIDS vaccine later this
year.
 Reuter

President Reagan opposed new taxes
as he urged the Democratic controlled Congress to come up with
a budget that meets the Gramm-Rudman deficit target of 108
billion dlrs for fiscal 1988.
    He told reporters before meeting with House Republicans in
Congress that for six years he had proposed a "a sound, solid
budget" but alleged that Democrats had only come forth with a
so-called continuing resolution, a catch-all spending bill,
each year.
    Asked about taxes, he said "they're not going to get those
either."
    Reagan's appearance with Republicans coincided with a
dispute among House Budget Committee Democrats and Republicans.
Republicans have boycotted budget drafting sessions.
    "I'm still trying to get a budget that meets the
Gramm-Rudman target," Reagan said. "The Democrats have refused to
present a budget of their own."
    House Budget Committee Chairman William Gray told reporters
after Reagan's remarks that "They (Republicans) don't want to
participate. The President is up there bashing our brains while
Republicans won't give us a markup (drafting meeting). It's an
interesting combination."
 Reuter

Lead underwriters &lt;Goldman, Sachs and
Co> and First Boston Inc &lt;FBC> said an offering of two mln
Series C 3.625 dlr cumulative convertible exchangeable
preferred shares of Inland Steel Industries Inc is underway at
50 dlrs per share.
    The preferred shares are convertible at any time into
common stock at 1.667 common shares per preferred share and are
exchangeable at the company's option on any dividend payment
date starting May 1, 1989 for 7.25 pct convertible subordinated
debentures due May 1, 2012.
    The underwriters said the preferred shares are not
redeemable before May 1, 1989 and thereafter are redeemable for
cash at the company's option at prices declining to par on May
1, 1997.
 Reuter

Argentine port workers began an
indefinite protest against safety conditions at the port of
Buenos Aires, stopping work for one hour per shift, a press
spokesman said.
    He said three port workers had died over the last month in
accidents. He said the decision to take action was made after a
port worker died yesterday after being electrocuted.
 Reuter

EDO Corp said its board approved the
repurchase of an additional 500,000 shares of its common on the
open market, or through privately negotiated transactions.
    EDO said the authorization is in addition to the 2,690,000
shares announced previously.
    Since 1983, Edo said it has purchased over 2.1 mln shares
of its common, leaving about 560,000 shares authorized for
purchase prior to today's action.
 Reuter

Jan 31 end
    Shr 45 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 8,349,000 vs 6,187,000
    Sales 126.7 mln vs 103.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 1.29 dlrs
    Net 28.1 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Sales 485.9 mln vs 388.9 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net includes three cts shr gain from sale
of assets.
 Reuter

State holding company &lt;Societa Finanziaria
Telefonica Spa> (STET) said it was forming a new
telecommunications company, &lt;Teleo Spa> that intends to offer
electronic mail systems among its services.
    Teleo plans initial investments of 18 billion lire and
estimates annual sales could reach 90 billion lire within five
years, STET officials said at a news conference.
   STET will have a 10 pct stake in the new firm, with the
remaining share capital held by two STET subsidiaries.
 Reuter

 said it named
Trio-Tech International Pte Ltd, of Singapore, as exclusive
distributor of Accugraph's computer-aided design and
manufacturing software for Singapore, the Philippines,
Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei.
    Financial terms were undisclosed.
 Reuter

 1986 results,
which were at the upper end of market expectations, showed the
company was in a strong position and that its shares were
probably undervalued, share analysts said.
    BAT shares were down at 524p in late afternoon trading
after a previous 535p close. They touched a high of 538p
earlier on news of a 19 pct rise in annual profits to 1.39
billion pre-tax.
    Stock market analysts said today's generally weak stock
market plus unwinding of positions after heavy buying of BAT
shares in the run-up to the results caused the fall in the
share price.
    "In the current market, people almost expect companies to
beat expectations," said one analyst, adding that pretax profits
of 1.35 to 1.40 billion stg had been forecast.
    BAT's 1986 figure of 1.39 billion stg compared with a 1985
pretax profit of 1.17 billion.
    Brokers noted that BAT's shift away from its
underperforming industries and the decreasing share of the
tobacco portion of the group were seen as good signs.
    BAT Chairman Patrick Sheehy told a news conference that the
tobacco sector of the company had declined to 50 pct from 74
pct four years ago.
    Sheehy said he could see the tobacco portion of the company
declining further as other sectors increased in importance.
    He said BAT was looking to expand in the area of financial
services, in particular in the U.S.
    Sheehy also said the group had "no sizeable acquisitions" in
sight in the near future.
    Analysts said BAT's increasingly good performance in the
U.K. Insurance area was encouraging.
    Its declining debt-to-equity ratio of currently about 16
pct also made it likely that BAT would soon be looking to make
major acquisitions, they said.
 Reuter

Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said the United States will not stand idly by and let Japan
dominate the world electronics market.
    Baldrige told the Senate Finance Committee the United
States would insist Japan open its markets to U.S. products as
the U.S. market is open to Japanese products.
    Asked after his testimony if this meant the United States
would close its markets to Japan if they did not open theirs,
Baldrige said, "I'm not prepared to say that, but it certainly
would be one of the alternatives studied."
    Baldrige said in his testimony Japan had a closed
supercomputer market and a restricted telecommunications
market.
    "I can only conclude that the common objective of the
Japanese government and industry is to dominate the world
electronics market. Given the importance of this market to U.S.
industry in general and our defense base in particular, we
cannot stand by idly," he said.
    He said it was these concerns about national security which
led him to express reservations over the proposed acquisition
of Fairchild Semiconductor by Fujitsu of Japan.
 Reuter

Canada's federal government
will provide a 350 mln dlr oil industry aid package that
includes cash incentives designed to cover one-third of a
company's oil and gas exploration and development costs, Energy
Minister Marcel Masse announced.
    The aid program will inject about 350 mln dlrs a year into
the oil and gas industry and could lead to more than one
billion dlrs in new investment, Masse told a news conference.
    The program will affect drilling done anywhere in Canada on
or after April 1, 1987.
    Masse told reporters that the government's oil industry aid
package is aimed at small and medium sized companies.
    The aid package, called the Canadian Exploration and
Development Incentive Program, will restrict the total payments
that any individual company can claim to 10 mln dlrs a year.
    Masse said the program will probably generate new
employment equivalent to 20,000 people working for a year.
    He said oil industry aid is needed because exploration and
development spending dropped by at least 50 pct since world oil
prices fell during the first half of 1986.
    Energy Minister Masse said the federal government decided
to provide cash incentives so a large number of non-tax paying
companies, mainly small Canadian firms, will receive the full
value of the incentive. Such companies would not immediately
benefit from tax benefits, he said.
    The federal government also wanted to deliver an aid
program outside the tax system. Finance Minister Michael Wilson
is now reviewing Canada's tax system and plans to announce tax
reform proposals later this spring.
    An important feature of the aid program is a decision to
let companies issue flow-through shares, allowing investors to
benefit from the subsidy rather than restricting benefits to
only participating companies, he said.
    Allowing flow-through shares under the program will make it
easier for companies to attract investors in exploration and
development, Masse said.
    He told reporters his department is still considering
whether to allow partnerships and other entities to qualify for
the subsidy.
 Reuter


******NASDAQ MARCH SHORT INTEREST WAS 184.9 MLN SHRS VS 215.7 MLN SHARES IN FEBRUARY
Blah blah blah.



Unisys Corp said it received a 4.5 mln
dlrs computer order from Rikskatteverket, the Swedish
equivalent of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.
    The computer is planned for delivery in May this year and
will be installed in the agency's Stockholm headquarters.
 Reuter

The annual growth of Australia's m3
money supply rose by 11.2 pct in the year ended February
compared with January's 10.7 pct, the Reserve Bank said.
    This was down from 14.0 pct in February last year.
    In February m3 rose by 0.6 pct compared with 0.8 in January
and a February 1986 rise of 0.1 pct.
 More

Qtr ended Feb 28
    Shr 17 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,041,000 vs 3,329,000
    Revs 46.6 mln vs 48.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 65 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 9,290,000 vs 12.7 mln
    Revs 142.7 mln vs 139.8 mln
 Reuter

Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said the central bank has no intention of cutting its discount
rate again as a way of preventing the yen's rise.
    He told a press conference that the growth of Japanese
money supply remains high.
    The bank will have to watch closely various developments
resulting from its already eased monetary stance, such as the
sharp rise in real estate and stock prices, he said.
    Although the yen's rise will have a greater deflationary
impact on the economy, the economy is not likely to slow down
much further, Sumita said.
    "I don't think we should change our economic outlook at the
moment," Sumita said.
    Sumita has said in the past that he expects the economy to
show a gradual upturn in the second half of the year.
    The governor said the six major industrial nations are
expected to review last month's pact on currency stability when
they meet next in April.
    Dealers said they expect the six - Britain, Canada, France,
Japan, the U.S. Amd West Germany - to meet just before the
IMF/World Bank interim committee meeting in Washington starting
on April 9.
 REUTER

China's first joint venture bank, Xiamen
International Bank (XIB), reported a group net profit of about
14 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986, the bank's first full year of
operation.
    General manager Liu Shuxun declined to give a 1987 profit
forecast, saying targets were under study.
    Assistant general manager Wang Hongshan said the group's
outstanding loans at end-1986 totalled 620 mln Hong Kong dlrs,
up from 530 mln at end-1985. Deposits and interbank borrowings
rose to 680 mln dlrs from 550 mln, he told Reuters.
    Liu said most of the group's profit came from the parent
company rather than its two wholly-owned subsidiaries &lt;Xiamen
International Finance Co Ltd> in Hong Kong and &lt;Luso
International Bank Ltd> in Macao.
    The joint venture bank began operating in September 1985
but did not officially open until March 1986.
    Liu said the share in the joint venture of the foreign
partner, Hong Kong-listed &lt;Panin Holdings Ltd>, had been cut
last year to 49 pct from 60 pct. This was done because foreign
banks felt the XIB's reputation would be improved if the three
Chinese partners collectively held a majority stake, he said.
    Liu said news reports about problems concerning Panin were
unfounded, but he did not elaborate. Panin Holdings reported a
loss of 1.99 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986 after a net profit of
268,000 dlrs in 1985.
    The Chinese partners are Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China, Fujian branch, whose share rose to 23.5 pct from 15,
Fujian Investment and Enterprise Corporation 17.5 pct (15) and
Xiamen Construction and Development Corporation 10 pct (10).
    One foreign banker said Xiamen International Bank faced the
same problems as foreign bank branches in trying to compete on
unequal terms with state-owned banks.
    The foreign banking market in Xiamen is thin and almost
saturated, he added.
    Officials of the joint venture bank said they benefitted
from contacts made through its three Chinese partners. But the
foreign banker, who asked not to be named, said it faced
internal competition from the Industrial and Commercial Bank.
    Apart from Xiamen International Bank and the International
Agricultural Development Bank planned by the World Bank and the
state-owned Agricultural Bank of China, Xiamen has eight
foreign bank branches or representative offices, mostly of Hong
Kong or overseas Chinese banks.
 REUTER

Bangladesh recorded an overall balance of
payments deficit of 8.3 mln U.S. Dlrs in October against a
10.33 mln deficit in September and a 6.67 mln surplus in
October 1985, Central Bank officials said.
    The country's current account deficit narrowed to 10.69 mln
dlrs in October from 79 mln in September and 11.75 mln in
October 1985.
    The October trade deficit narrowed to 36.36 mln dlrs from
160 mln in September and 83.79 mln in October 1985.
 REUTER

The European Community (EC) has failed
to agree on a high-technology research program because of
opposition from Britain and West Germany, diplomats said.
    But Belgian Research Minister Guy Verhofstadt told
reporters the two had been given just over a week to end their
opposition or risk plunging EC research into a crisis.
    The so-called "Framework Program" proposed by the EC's
Executive Commission was designed to boost research in areas
such as computers, biotechnology and telecommunications and
combat U.S. And Japanese domination in these fields.
    The five-year program was due to start at the beginning of
this year, but was delayed by calls from Britain, France and
West Germany for cuts in the proposed budget of 7.7 billion
European Currency Units (Ecus), diplomats said.
    The EC Commission had already cut the budget from 10.5
billion Ecus, but under EC law the program needs the approval
of all member states before it can be launched.
    France has withdrawn its objections and backed a new
compromise budget proposed by Verhofstadt to trim spending.
    But Britain is continuing its demands for further, sharp
cuts in the budget.
    West Germany, which yesterday appeared to be ready to
accept the compromise, was also holding back.
    Verhofstadt, who chaired the lengthy meeting, said he had
given the two states until April 3 to withdraw their
opposition.
    But if one or both failed to do so, the EC would be left
without a research program, leaving no money for schemes such
as the EC's Esprit information technology drive.
    "If that happened ... There would be a grave crisis in
Europe's scientific and research policy," Verhofstadt said,
adding it could mean research teams being disbanded.
    Diplomats said West Germany was close to agreeing to the
compromise, which would limit new spending to 5.4 billion Ecus
by allowing for cash already set aside for future projects.
    The plan would also set aside at least 16 pct of the 5.4
billion Ecus for spending after the end of the five-year
program, they said. But Britain still maintained the
allocations were much too high.
    Britain's Research Minister Geoffrey Pattie faced a tough
fight to convince his government colleagues they should accept
an increase in spending beyond the 4.2 billion Ecu level so far
demanded by Britain, one diplomat added.
 REUTER

The Food Department will no longer
import sugar from April 1, senior officials of the Food and
Cooperatives Ministry and the Department told Reuters.
    They said the decision was taken after the Sugar Importers
Association asked that the sugar trade be further liberalised.
    "The Food Department will cease trading in sugar and will no
longer hold a buffer stock," a senior official said.
    He said the government has finalised an agreement with
E.D.F.Man (Sugar) Ltd under which E.D.F.Man will hold a buffer
stock on the government's behalf of 20,000 tonnes, against the
45,000 tonne buffer stock usually held by the Department.
    Officials said the size of the buffer stock has been
reduced because the private sector will hold its own stocks.
    The agreement with E.D.F. Man includes details such as
trigger pricing mechanisms, they said.
    Four months ago the Department allowed the private sector
to import sugar without government clearance. The Department
and the private sector each imported around 115,000 tonnes of
sugar last year, when national consumption was 280,000 tonnes.
    An Importers Association official said that "even if the
Department no longer imports sugar, we would not necessarily
buy more."
    This is because the Association would still have to compete
with the Cooperatives Wholesale Establishment (CWE), he said.
    The CWE is a semi-government body and the official said
arrangements are being made for state cooperatives and holders
of food subsidy stamps to draw their sugar from it, starting
April 1.
    Ministry officials said the CWE can either import sugar or
buy it from a local bonded warehousing scheme run by E.D.F. For
the past two years.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan will sell 300 billion
yen of government financing bills tomorrow under a 29-day
repurchase accord maturing April 24 to soak up a projected
money market surplus, market sources said.
    The surplus is estimated at 350 billion yen, due mainly to
excess bank holdings of yen funds after heavy dollar purchases
in the foreign exchange market yesterday, money traders said.
    The yield on the bills for sales to banks and securities
houses from money houses will be 3.9495 pct against the 3.9375
pct discount rate for one-month commercial bills and the
4.58/42 pct yield on one-month certificates of deposit today.
    The operation will put the outstanding bill supply at about
1,900 billion yen, money traders said.
 REUTER

The Bermuda registered &lt;Jardine
Matheson and Co Ltd> has indicated it would participate in a
local consortium led by Hopewell Holdings Ltd &lt;HPWH.HK> which
has proposed to build the second airport here, a Hopewell
statement said.
    Jardine Matheson will take up a five pct stake in the joint
venture which has presented the government with a 25 billion
H.K. Dlr infrastructure development plan for Hong Kong's
offshore island of Lantau.
    The proposal includes an airport, a deep-water port and
highways linking with Southern China.
    Hopewell, which initiated the proposal, owns a 20 pct stake
in the consortium. Chairman of the firm Gordon Wu said recently
he expects the airport to start operation by mid-1992 and the
whole project to be completed by 1993 if an approval for the
project is obtained within a year.
    Other partners of the joint venture comprise a combined 20
pct stake by Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HKG> and
Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HKG>, while Wu said at that time
the remaining 60 pct will be taken up by other interested
parties -- the public, and probably the Hong Kong and Chinese
governments.
 REUTER

Chad's military high command said
today troops killed 1,269 Libyan soldiers in routing a
5,000-strong force to capture Tripoli's major air base in
northern Chad on Sunday.
    In its first published casualty list from the fierce battle
for Ouadi Doum air base, the high command said 438 Libyans were
taken prisoner, while 29 Chadian soldiers were killed and 58
wounded.
    It said the prisoners included the regional commander,
Colonel Khalifa Abul-Gassim Hastar, while his deputy, Colonel
Gassim Ali Abu-Nawar, was among the dead.
    The Chadian army also captured substantial amounts of
weaponry, including 11 Czechoslovak-made L-39 bombers, three
Soviet MI-24 fighter helicopters and a large number of tanks,
as well as hundreds of other vehicles armed with guns or
anti-aircraft missiles.
    Following Sunday's battle, French officers said the fall of
Ouadi Doum deprived Libya of its only hard runway air base in
Chad. Its main strongpoint, Faya Largeau some 230 km (150
miles) north of the so-called "red line" along the 16th parallel,
was left increasingly exposed.
    The 16th parallel divides the central African country into
government-held zones in the south and mainly Libyan-controlled
areas in the north.
 Reuter

The Bank of Japan bought a modest amount
of dollars this morning, possibly around 200 to 300 mln,
dealers said.
    One dealer said the central bank bought about 200 mln dlrs
through brokers and the rest through banks. The buying began
when the dollar was at about 149.60 yen, and helped drive the
U.S. Currency up to around 150, he said.
    Another said the central bank seemed to be trying to push
the dollar up above 150 yen. But heavy selling at around that
level quickly pushed the dollar back down towards 149 yen,
dealers said.
 REUTER

Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said the central bank has no intention of cutting its discount
rate again as a way of preventing the yen's rise.
    He told a press conference that the growth of Japanese
money supply remains high.
    The bank will have to watch closely various developments
resulting from its already eased monetary stance, such as the
sharp rise in real estate and stock prices, he said.
    Although the yen's rise will have a greater deflationary
impact on the economy, the economy is not likely to slow down
much further, Sumita said.
    "I don't think we should change our economic outlook at the
moment," Sumita said.
    Sumita has said in the past that he expects the economy to
show a gradual upturn in the second half of the year.
    The governor said the six major industrial nations are
expected to review last month's pact on currency stability when
they meet next in April.
    Dealers said they expect the six - Britain, Canada, France,
Japan, the U.S. Amd West Germany - to meet just before the
IMF/World Bank interim committee meeting in Washington starting
on April 9.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it had revised
its forecast of the liquidity position in the money market
today to a surplus of 150 mln stg after it estimated a flat
position earlier this morning.
 REUTER

China's Premier Zhao Ziyang said the
country must continue to reform its "irrational" price system
although this will mean price rises and cause living standards
for some people to fall.
    Zhao said China's price system is irrational due to
"prolonged negligence of the law of value and due to the rigid
and excessive state control."
    "The prices of farm products, energy, raw and semi-finished
materials and other primary products have long been too low and
many products have long been in short supply," he said.
    Price reforms are necessary to "establish a new vigorous
socialist economic structure, to effectively promote production
and commodity circulation and provide correct guidance to
consumption," Zhao added.
    Reforms are bound to lead to a rise in the general price
level but will only be implemented after careful studies so as
to keep the increase within the capacity of society and the
people "to withstand the strain."
     He said the general price level will rise in 1987 less
than in 1986, with price increases of a very small number of
products.
 REUTER

Brazil's new Planning Minister is
Anibal Teixeira de Souza, the former head of a national welfare
program, the government said.
    Teixeira replaces economist Joao Sayad, who last week
became the latest victim of the turmoil in Brasilia over
government economic policy.
    Sayad disagreed with Finance Minister Dilson Funaro on a
range of policy issues and submitted his resignation.
 Reuter

The cost of living in North
Rhine-Westphalia, Germany's most populous state, fell 0.1 pct
in the month to mid-March to stand 0.5 pct lower than at the
same time a year earlier, the regional statistics office said.
    Prices had risen 0.3 pct in the month to mid-February but
had fallen 0.7 pct year-on-year.
    The regional figures are considered a good guide to
national inflation trends. The Federal Statistics Office is due
to publish provisional national figures for March by the end of
this month.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it drained
liquidity from the money market when it sold 167 mln stg of
treasury bills due March 27 at rates between 9-9/16 and 10 pct.
    Earlier, the bank estimated a surplus of around 250 mln stg
in the system today.
 REUTER

Hong Kong's Attorney General Michael
Thomas said he decided not to prosecute Alan Bond, chairman of
&lt;Bond Corp International Ltd> (BCIL), for giving misleading
information about the firm because the case was weak.
    He told the Legislative Council there had been widespread
misunderstanding, speculation and unfair distortion of the
reasons for the decision.
    "Even if there is evidence that tends to prove the necessary
ingredients of an offence, a bare prima facie case is,
generally speaking, not enough to warrant a prosecution," added
Thomas.
    The Attorney General's office said last month it will not
prosecute Bond for his statements that the net asset value per
share of properties owned by BCIL should be 2.60 H.K. Dlrs
instead of 1.10 dlrs stated in the firm's prospectus.
    The decision followed a public apology by Bond that his
remarks were misleading about BCIL, owned 66.2 pct by the
Australia based Bond Corp (Holdings) Ltd &lt;BONA.S>.
    Thomas dismissed a suggestion that he had compromised not
to prosecute Bond if an apology was published but added: "its
publication ultimately was a factor I took into account when
subsequently I decided not to prosecute."
 Reuter

The Amsterdam Stock Exchange, engaged
in a reform program to boost competitiveness, said it is
launching a modernisation drive of its operational systems.
    The move, announced one day after news of a first step
toward integration of financial market supervision in the
Netherlands, will involve new transaction and clearing and
settlement systems.
    In addition, the bourse's Amsterdam Interprofessional
Market (AIM) information system will be updated in short term
with software provided by the Chicago Midwest Stock Exchange.
    The Amsterdam bourse is also studying the possible
acquisition of Midwest Exchange software for a new
order-routing system, a statement said, noting the market here
remains firmly committed to the preservation of a trading
floor.
    "The Bourse management feels that, despite the discussions
triggered by the intended closure of the trading floor in
London, preparations for an overhaul of the trading floor in
Amsterdam have to continue," the statement said.
    The operational modernisation of the Amsterdam Stock
Exchange follows several liberalisation measures aimed at
stemming the flow of business to markets abroad.
    The liberalisation, particularly the introduction of
off-floor trading in stocks and bonds on a net-basis under the
AIM system, has been described by bourse officials as
Amsterdam's "little bang," a reference to sweeping reforms last
October on the London Stock Exchange known as Big Bang.
    AIM, started in a trial run early last year and officially
in force from January 1 this year, is already credited with
halting the growth in Dutch stocks traded abroad, mainly
London.
    Amsterdam, which feels an on-floor facility with fees is
vital for smaller investors, said it needs to overhaul the
floor to accommodate new technology and new members.
    A new floor layout and order-routing system should be ready
sometime next year, the statement said.
    It said it was also planning a new on-screen Central
Securities information System with prices from international
exchanges, including the U.S. And Japan, stock information and
company news.
    Yesterday, the bourse announced it would start coordinating
this summer market supervision with the options and futures
trade in the Netherlands as a first step toward a unified
financial markets watchdog. In addition, the bourse, options
and gold futures price lists will be merged this April.
    Transactions in Amsterdam are still processed with a now
outdated punch card system while price information stemming
from the larger off-floor deals done through AIM are not yet
integrated in the bourse's big board.
    A bourse spokesman said the exchange hoped to launch its
screen information service by 1989, but added this service did
not have first priority.
    At present, bourse price information and company
information announced by the bourse are published by a printer
service while a select number of prices is available via
teletext.
 REUTER

Cherokee Group said it
has filed for an offering of 2,500,000 common shares, including
700,000 to be sold by shareholders, through underwriters First
Boston Inc &lt;FBC> and American Express Co &lt;AXP> unit Shearson
Lehman Brothers Inc.
    It said it will use its proceeds to repay bank debt, for
capital spending and for general corporate purposes including
possible acquisitions.
 Reuter

Shr six cts vs five cts
    Shr diluted four cts vs four cts
    Net 654,000 vs 532,000
    Revs 32.5 mln vs 35.2 mln
    1st half
    Shr 11 cts vs nine cts
    Shr diluted eight cts vs six cts
    Net 1,181,000 vs 953,000
    Revs 62.7 mln vs 74.6 mln
 Reuter

The Hartford Fire Insurance Co, a
unit of ITT Corp, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the shelf sale of 210 mln dlrs in class c and d
preferred stock.
    It said proceeds would be used to redeem class a stock.
    The First Boston Corp and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets
were named underwriters.
 Reuter

Hadson Corp said it has signed a
definitive agreement to acquire 85 pct of the outstanding
common stock of Seaxe Energy Corp.
    The company said it will buy the 85 pct interest in Seaxe
from shareholders owning restricted or controlled shares for
less than 200,000 Hadson common shares.
    It said closing is subject to the approval of title
assignments by the French government.  Seaxe is involved in oil
and natural gas exploration and development in the Paris Basin
of France.
 Reuter

 is considering
issuing a eurobond of up to 384 mln dlrs, convertible or with
warrants attached for exercise into its shares still with banks
after the placement of the Libyan stake last autumn, the
financial daily Handelsblatt reported, quoting bourse sources.
    The newspaper gave no other details. But dealers said
shares of Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> had been strong in recent
days, partly on hopes that the issue would allow the bank to
place its Fiat quota with investors at a reasonable price.
    Deutsche was lead underwriter for the 2.13 billion dlr Fiat
placement, announced on September 23.
    In Milan, a Fiat spokesman had no comment on the reports.
    A Deutsche Bank spokesman here said he had no knowledge of
a possible equity-linked Fiat bond. But German banking sources
said concern the bank had to take a hefty writedown for its
unplaced Fiat stock had weighed heavily on its share price.
    Milan share dealers also said Fiat stock had been under
pressure since the placement. Ordinary shares rose 20 lire to
12,880 today, but were well down from 16,600 on September 23.
    Sources close to Italian state-owned investment bank IMI
said earlier this month that a convertible issue was being
considered, but gave no details of the amount involved.
 REUTER

Tseng Laboratories Inc said it
expects first quarter 1987 sales to exceed total sales for the
entire 1986 year, and said it expects earnings for the quarter
to grow at a faster rate than sales.
    Tseng posted total revenues for 1986 of 4,255,731, and net
income of 258,125, or 1.4 cts per share.
    Jack Tseng, president of the company, attributed the high
expectations to increased orders from major costomers, as well
as accelerated business from its growing reseller network.
    Tseng posted first quarter 1986 sales of 549,950, and net
income of 19,163, the company said. (corrects cts per share)
 Reuter


******REICHHOLD CHEMICALS INC EXPLORING POSSIBLE SALE OF EUROPEAN SUBSIDIARY
Blah blah blah.




******UAL SAID DONALD TRUMP WAS INTERESTED IN UAL STOCK "AS INVESTMENT"
Blah blah blah.



BI Inc said it is implementing a
one-for-15 reverse split to shareholders of record today.
    It said any fractional shares will be redeemed for cash,
reducing its free-trading stock in public hands to 1,300,000
shares from 20 mln and its total shares outstanding to
1,993,000 from 29.9 mln.
    Shareholders approved the reverse split in October.
 Reuter

Shr 10 cts vs five cts
    Net 512,000 vs 230,000
    Revs 16.8 mln vs 9,025,000
    Year
    Shr 55 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,662,000 vs 1,541,000
    Revs 57.5 mln vs 32.3 mln
 Reuter

External Affairs Minister Joe Clark
today vowed to do everything possible to fight the U.S. action
against Canadian potash exports, but also warned against
raising the alarm too early in the dispute.
    In the latest flashpoint in Canadian-U.S. trade relations,
the U.S. International Trade Commission ruled unanimously
Monday that Canadian potash shipments valued at 270 million
U.S. dlrs last year were injuring the U.S. industry.
    "We certainly intend to do everything we can to insure that
Canadian interests are well protected," Clark told the House of
Commons in the daily question period.
    But he said the opposition parties should be careful "not
to raise false alarms too early."
    The case now goes before the U.S. Commerce Department's
trade division to determine if a duty should be imposed. Potash
producers from New Mexico, claiming unfair government
subsidies, are seeking a 43 pct tariff on Canada's shipments.
    Canada, the world's largest potash producer, exported 9.8
mln metric tonnes of potash last year, with nearly a third
going to the U.S.
    Most of the potash, used in the production of fertilizer,
comes from provincially owned mines in Saskatchewan.
    In the Commons, Liberal member Lloyd Axworthy branded the
ruling as just another "trade harrassment" from the U.S. and
criticized Clark's assurances the country's interests would be
protected.
    "We received exactly the same kind of assurances in the
softwood lumber case that was totally fumbled and bumbled,"
Axworthy said.
    Canada's Progressive Conservative government agreed to
impose a 15 pct duty on its softwood lumber exports earlier
this year to end a long and bitter bilateral trade dispute with
the U.S.
    Axworthy urged the government to present Canada's case to
world trade authorities under the General Agreement on Tariffs 
and Trade.
    But Clark maintained the potash dispute was another example
of why Canada needs to find a new way to settle bilateral
irritants in the free trade negotiations under way with the
U.S.
    "What we are seeking to do is put in place a better
system," Clark said.
    Meanwhile, Saskatchewan Trade Minister Bob Andrew expressed
confidence Canada would win its case, claiming the problem
stems from low international commodity prices and not
government subsidies.
    "The reality of the problem and the injury is caused
worldwide," he said. "It's caused by a downturn in the
commodity price for fertilizer, whether it's potash fertilizer,
nitrogen fertilizer or whatever."
 Reuter

The United States may soon ease its
1987 sugar import quota of one mln short tons by bringing
forward to the third quarter some shipments scheduled for the
fourth quarter of 1987, Jerry Huckaby, a leading Congressman
representing sugar growers told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, a Louisiana Democrat and chairman of the House
subcommittee which deals with the sugar program, indicated the
easing of the quota might be a way to calm the concern about
the impact of the severe cut in U.S. sugar imports this year.
    "With imports coming down from 1.8 mln (last year) to one
mln, there is legitimate concern about the impacts on Caribbean
countries and the Philippines," Huckaby said.
    By bringing forward to the third quarter some imports, the
quota would effectively be eased by about 250,000 tons.
    Huckaby said by simply bringing forward to the third
quarter of the year sugar imports scheduled for the September
to December period "we could get away without having to
increase the quota."
    He noted that some in the sugar industry believe an
increase in the quota is justified.
    Earlier this month, representatives of U.S. cane sugar
refiners met with U.S. Agriculture Department officials to
request a quota increase of at least 200,000 tons. The refiners
said the increase is needed because the quota is so restrictive
there could be some spot shortages of sugar in the U.S later
this year, a refiner spokesman said.
    However, the official slaid the USDA replied only that it
would consider the request.
    Following the refiners' request, representatives of the
Florida sugarcane producers met with USDA to express opposition
to any quota expansion, industry sources said.
    The statement by Huckaby, who as a representative from a
sugar growing district in Louisiana is a leading architect of
the current sugar program, indicates at least some grower
officials are concerned enough to support an easing of the
import quota, industry officials said.
    Any final decision on easing the quota must be made by the
Reagan administration's interagency sugar policy group.
    Asked about possible quota changes, A USDA official said
"As far as I know, changing the quota volume or the quota year
is not under active consideration."
 Reuter

Trinidad and Tobago is
finalizing arrangements with Union Carbide &lt;UK> of the United
States and Snamprogetti of Italy for the construction of a
1,500 tonnes per day methanol plant, Energy Minister Kelvin
Ramnath said.
    Ramnath said the ministry is now holding talks with Union
Carbide on the price of natural gas to be used in the plant,
which will be constructed near the Trinidad and Tobago oil
company (Trintoc) refinery at Point Fortin on the west coast.
    Snamprogetti built the first methanol refinery on trinidad
five years ago.
    Trintoc is likely to put up land, refinery plant and
machinery as equity. If negotiations go smoothly, ramnath said,
construction could begin by next january.
    The government of prime minister A.N.R. Robinson is hoping
to lue new investors to the twin-island state's petrochemical
industry, in order to make use of new findings of natural gas.
 Reuter

Brazil's new planning minister is
Anibal Teixeira de Souza, the former head of a national welfare
program, the government said.
    Teixeira replaces economist Joao Sayad, who last week
became the latest victim of the turmoil in Brasilia over
government economic policy.
    Sayad disagreed with Finance Minister Dilson Funaro, the
most important minister for economic affairs, on a range of
policy issues and submitted his resignation.
 Reuter


******Current exchange rates almost within levels agreed by major nations - Sumita
Blah blah blah.



The Dutch Central Bank said it
allocated 4.183 billion guilders at tender for the new 5.3 pct,
nine-day special advances.
    Bids were fully met for the first 200 mln guilders and for
40 pct above.
    The new advances for the period March 25 to April 4,
replace current 5.3 pct, five day advances totalling 4.003
billion guilders which expire today.
    Money brokers said yesterday they expected the Bank to
allocate about 3.5 billion guilders.
 REUTER

Abbey National, the second largest
building society in the U.K., Said it has arranged a one
billion dlr euro-certificate of deposit program.
    It said this is the largest such program to date for a
building society and the first to be denominated in U.S.
Dollars.
    Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd is lead manager and arranger
for the program and will act as a dealer, along with Shearson
Lehman Brothers International, Swiss Bank Corp International
Ltd and S.G. Warburg and Co Ltd.
    Abbey National has been very active in the international
capital markets ever since building societies were permitted by
law to tap the wholesale markets.
    The building society's general manager, finance, James
Tyrrell, said in a statement the program is part of Abbey's
strategy of spreading its funding option from what has recently
been medium/long term into shorter term instruments.
    He said this also widens Abbey's investor base.
 REUTER

Almost 150 people were killed when
Afghan aircraft raided a number of Pakistani villages on
Monday, Pakistani officials said.
    The toll in Teri Mangal in Kurram Agency rose to 81, about
45 people were killed in Lwarai Mandi in North Waziristan
Tribal Agency and 23 died in Angur Adar, South Waziristan, the
officials said.
    The Soviet-backed Afghan government has not commented on
the reports.
 REUTER

Egypt purchased 46,000 tonnes of
optional origin sunflowerseed oil at its import tender
yesterday, all for May arrival, traders said.
    The business comprised 41,000 tonnes of crude sunflowerseed
oil in bulk at prices ranging from 344.25 to 348 dlrs and 5,000
tonnes of refined oil in drums at from 517.50 to 522.50 dlrs
per tonne, cost and freight Alexandria, delivered quality
terms.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it had not
operated in the money market during the morning session.
    Earlier, the Bank revised its forecast of the liquidity
position in the system today to a surplus of 150 mln stg from
its original estimate of a flat position.
 REUTER

Singer Co said it has signed a
12-year contract with Texas Air Corp's Continental Airlines Inc
unit to lease Continental an aircraft simulator for flight crew
training.
    Singer said it will also market training on the simulator
to other airlines.
    The company said initially it will provide a simulator for
McDonnell Douglas Corp's MD-80 but will replace that simulator
in 1988 with one for the MD-82.
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it revised up
its forecast of today's surplus in the money markets to 250 mln
stg from its earlier estimate of a 150 mln.
    The central bank has not operated in the market today.
 REUTER

Shr 48 cts vs four cts
    Net 882,000 vs 82,000
    Sales 968,000 vs 784,000
    Six mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 970,000 vs 202,000
    Sales 2,001,000 vs 1,521,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes a gain of 26 cts a share from the
sale of a funeral home, and tax credits of 20 cts. 1985 net
includes tax credits of one cent in the quarter and 3.7 cts in
the six months period.
 Reuter

Horizon Bank said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split, payable April 21 to
holders of record April Seven.
 Reuter

General Electric Co said &lt;BioReactor
Technology Inc> obtained its rights to an experimental
technique for analyzing blood samples to detect disease
antibodies.
    General Electric said BioReactor will attempt to develop
test market kits from the advances made by General Electric.
    General Electric said it granted the rights to BioReactor
because the innovation, first announced in 1972, did not fit
into the company's long-range product plans.
    In exchange for the patent, GE said it will receive an
unspecified interest in the company.
               
 Reuter

Shr 82 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 4,200,000 vs 3,954,000
    Sales 58.7 mln vs 60.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.68 dlrs vs 2.47 dlrs
    Oper net 13.8 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Sales 274.3 mln vs 276.8 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes loss 1,120,000 dlrs from
discontinued operations and loss on disposal of 922,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Unisys Corp introduced two new
mainframe computers, new workstations, and other products.
    The company said the V510 and V530 large-scale computers
offer up to a four-fold increase in performance over existing V
series.
    Customer deliveries of the new models, aimed at business,
government and financial markets, are planned for the fourth
quarter of 1987 and the first quarter of 1988.
    Base price of the V510 system is 950,000 dlrs and the V530
system is based priced at 1,775,000 dlrs, the company said.
    Speaking at a press conference, Joseph Kroger, Unisys vice
chairman, said the new product introductions are the first
concrete examples of the increased resources of the merged
Burroughs and Sperry.
    He said the company had exceeded its goal of cutting costs
by 150 mln dlrs in the first year after the merger, and reduced
debt by nearly two billion dlrs, more than the originally
expected 1.5 billion dlrs.
    In addition to the mainframes, Unisys introduced an
addition to its B25 family of desktop computer systems. The new
system, the B38, will make greater use of its Intel Corp &lt;INTC>
microprocessor using available software.
    The B38 is available for immediate delivery with a base
configuration price of 8,375 dlrs.
    The company also introduced new software products,
interconnect capabilities, and a laser printer.
 Reuter

India is reported to have bought two
white sugar cargoes for April/May shipment at its tender today
near 227 dlrs a tonne cost and freight and could be seeking a
third cargo, traders said.
    A British operator is believed to have sold one of the
cargoes, while an Austrian concern is thought to have featured
in the second cargo sale, they said.
 Reuter


******JOHNSON SAYS FED'S ACTIONS YESTERDAY MEANT TO STABILIZE DOLLAR AT CURRENT LEVELS
Blah blah blah.



Nippon Signal Co Ltd is planning to
issue 50 mln Swiss franc notes with warrants, lead manager
Morgan Stanley and Co Inc said.
    It said details would be released tomorrow.
 REUTER

Shr 24 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 380,325 vs 211,183
    Sales 5,046,578 vs 3,941,764
    NOTE: Current year net includes gain from sale of Sterling
Heights, Mich., plant of 174,000 dlrs.  Another 698,000 dlrs of
gain from sale sale has been treated as deferred income.
 Reuter

The Securities and Exchange
Commission sanctioned the national accounting firm KMG Main
Hurdman for improper professional conduct.
    It said the New York firm consented to the entry of the
commission's order without admitting or denying the finding.
    The proceedings arose from a 1982 audit of the financial
statement of the First National Bank of Midland, Texas, and
1983 and 1984 audits of financial statements of Time Energy
Systems, Inc, Houston.
    Midland was declared insolvent in 1983.
    The SEC ordered that any new review of Main Hurdman
procedures to include the adequacy of consultations between the
firm's main office and its local offices and the implementation
of the firm's policies.
    It said the Midland office conducted the Bank audit,
although some senior partners in New York were consulted, and
its Houston office conducted the Time Energy audits.
    The SEC said also that Main Hurdman agreed that if it is
acquired by a larger firm, its practices will be integrated
into the combined firm, including training programs and quality
control reviews.
 Reuter

Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 1,064,489 ca 780,712
    Assets 106.8 mln vs 102.5 mln
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter

The Bank of Japan bought a modest amount
of dollars this morning, possibly around 200 to 300 mln,
dealers said.
    One dealer said the central bank bought about 200 mln dlrs
through brokers and the rest through banks. The buying began
when the dollar was at about 149.60 yen, and helped drive the
U.S. Currency up to around 150, he said.
    Another said the central bank seemed to be trying to push
the dollar up above 150 yen. But heavy selling at around that
level quickly pushed the dollar back down towards 149 yen,
dealers said.
 REUTER

Matsushita Electric Industrial Co Ltd
&lt;MC.T> said it will issue a 200 billion yen unsecured
convertible bond in the domestic capital market through public
placement with Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd, Nomura Securities Co
Ltd, Nikko Securities Co Ltd, Daiwa Securities Co Ltd and
National Securities Co Ltd as underwriters.
    Coupon and conversion price for the par-priced bond
maturing on September 30, 1996, will be set before payment on
May 2.
    This issue equals in size a record one by Toyota Motor Corp
last December.
    Matsushita's shares closed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange at
1,640 yen, down 50 from yesterday.
 REUTER

Shr 53.51p vs 45.72p
    Div 8.8p vs 7.35p making 14.3p vs 12.1p
    Turnover 19.17 billion stg vs 17.05 billion
    Operating profit 1.48 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Pretax profit 1.39 billion vs 1.17 billion
    Tax 524 mln vs 430 mln
    NOTE - The company said shareholders would be given the
option of receiving dividend in cash, ordinary shares or
combination of the two.
    Operating profit includes -
    Commercial activities 1.08 billion vs 988 mln
    Financial services 263 mln vs 135 mln
    Share of associated companies 139 mln vs 163 mln
    Investment income 150 mln vs 166 mln
    Interest paid 238 mln vs 286 mln
    Minorities 76 mln vs 63 mln
    Extraordinary credit 75 mln vs 34 mln debit
    Transfer to revaluation reserve 85 mln vs 106 mln
    Profit attributable 793 mln vs 673 mln
    Required inflation retention 77 mln vs 147 mln
    Trading profit 1.51 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Trading profit includes -
    Tobacco 764 mln vs 738 mln
    Retailing 211 mln vs 186 mln
    Paper 217 mln vs 168 mln
    Financial services 282 mln vs 135 mln
 REUTER

Net foreign assets of Swiss banks rose
by 3.5 billion Swiss francs to 71.2 billion francs in the
fourth quarter of 1986, due to increased interbank business and
purchases of foreign securities, the Swiss National Bank said.
    Assets rose 5.3 billion to 205.0 billion while liabilities
climbed 1.8 billion to 133.8 billion. For 1986 as a whole,
assets rose by 11.9 billion and liabilities by 3.0 billion.
    The level of fiduciary funds invested abroad rose by 3.2
billion to 223.0 billion, the first rise since the third
quarter of 1985. Funds invested in such accounts from abroad
were up by 3.2 billion to 180.7 billion.
 REUTER

Taiwan's M-1B money supply rose a
seasonally adjusted 48.22 pct in the year to end-February,
after rising 54.96 pct in the year to January, a central bank
spokesman said.
    Month on month, M1-B fell 5.19 pct from January.
    Unadjusted February M1-B was 1,168 billion dlrs against
1,232 billion in January and 788 billion in February 1986.
    Money supply grew faster in January because the central
bank issued more currency for bonus payments made to workers at
the Lunar New Year, which fell on January 29 this year, banking
sources said.
 REUTER

Taiwanese investment in the U.S. Is
expected to nearly double to 80 mln U.S. Dlrs in calendar 1987
and rise to 400 mln dlrs a year by 1991, a five-year forecast
by the Economic Ministry showed.
    Taiwanese investment in the U.S. Last year totalled 46 mln
dlrs, the ministry document said. The investment was mainly in
electronics, trading, food and service industries.
    Lee Ming-Yi, deputy director of the ministry's Industrial
Development and Investment Centre, said the forecast rise is
due to planned government incentives and growing willingness
among Taiwanese to invest abroad.
    Lee told Reuters the incentives, to be introduced in May or
June, include bank loans and a reduction in capitalisation
requirements for businesses seeking to invest in the U.S. To 10
mln Taiwan dlrs from 20 mln.
    He said the moves to encourage investment in the U.S. Are
part of Taiwan's efforts to cut its trade surplus with
Washington, which rose to a record 13.6 billion U.S. Dlrs in
1986 from 1985's 10.2 billion.
    Taiwanese manufacturers can create jobs for Americans and
avoid import quotas if they set up plants in the U.S., He
added.
 REUTER

Belgian public debt rose a nominal
89.5 billion francs in February to 5,591.1 billion francs, and
compared with 5,074.2 billion in February 1986, the finance
ministry said in its monthly statement.
    It said after taking into account operations with the
International Monetary Fund and foreign exchange fluctuations,
the figure corresponding to the government's net financing
requirement in February was 86.0 billion francs.
    This is below the February 1986 figure of 91.1 billion
francs.
    However in the first two 1987 months, the amount
corresponding to the net financing requirement was 184.2
billion francs against 183.9 billion in the same period of
1986, the Ministry said.
    The Belgian government is aiming to cut the financing
requirement for the whole of 1987 to around 420 billion francs
from 561 billion last year through a major spending cuts
program.
 REUTER

Governments of major Asian
producing countries have welcomed the conclusion of a new
International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA), but growers and
traders are unhappy with the development, according to views
polled by Reuter correspondents.
    Officials in Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand, which
produce the bulk of the world's rubber, said they expected the
new pact to continue to stabilise prices and help their rubber
industries remain viable in the long-term.
    But traders and growers said they were against the new pact
because its buffer stock mechanism was likely to interefere
with free market forces and prevent sharp rubber price rises.
    The new INRA, to replace the current one which expires on
October 22, was formally adopted by most of the world's
producers and consumers in Geneva last Friday.
    It will be open for signature at the U.N. Headquarters in
New York from May 1 to December 31 this year and will enter
into force provisionally when ratified by countries accounting
for 75 pct of world rubber exports and 75 pct of world imports.
    Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik said
the formal adoption of a new pact had dispelled fears of
liquidation of some 360,000 tonnes of INRA buffer stock rubber
and a possible depression of prices.
    He expressed confidence that the new INRA would continue to
keep prices stable by selling or buying rubber as prices rose
or fell through its buffer stock system.
    Malaysia was also happy that in the new INRA financing of
purchases for the normal buffer stock of 400,000 tonnes and a
contingency buffer stock of 150,000 tonnes would be done
through direct cash contributions from members, he said.
    Under the existing pact, members can borrow from banks to
finance INRA's buffer stock purchases. This has been viewed
with concern by some members who fear the INRA may become
indebted and ultimately face collapse, like the International
Tin Agreement.
    "This will ensure the buffer stock operation is carried out
without any financial encumbrance," Lim said.
     Malaysia, the world's largest producer, was seeking
cabinet approval to join the new INRA and hoped other producers
and consumers would also become members, he said.
    Officials in Jakarta said the new pact would bring benefit
to Indonesia's rubber industry's by stabilising prices.
    It was unlikely to collapse like the tin agreement because
its new financial provisions had been tightened, they said.
    Thai officials told Reuters they were optimistic the new
pact was viable because it strictly limited the extent of debt
the INRA buffer stock manager might commit to his market
operations.
     Malaysian growers, however, said they preferred a free
rubber market because an INRA had a tendency to keep prices at
levels that were only acceptable to consumers.
    "With the INRA's ability to keep prices at a certain stable
level, consumers are assured of rubber at almost a fixed price,
while producers may never see sharp price rises," a Malaysian
Rubber Producers Council source told Reuters.
    Producers also wanted a free rubber market without the
overhang of a 360,000 tonne INRA buffer stock which had
psychologically prevented price rises, he said.
    State plantation officials in Sri Lanka said prices had
been depressed since INRA's inception and the creation of a
buffer stock, and they seemed unlikely to rise.
    Sri Lanka should not be a member of the INRA because it was
expensive to maintain a buffer stock, they added.
    Traders in the region, meanwhile, said prices might be
pressured by the new pact in the long term as its potential to
stabilise prices and buffer stock capacity would spur producers
to produce more.
    Most Malaysian and Singapore traders said the new pact's
conclusion had little impact on prices and it was unlikely to
allow sharp price fluctuations in future.
    "The 360,000 tonnes in the INRA buffer stock must be
liquidated and a free market returned," a Malaysian trader said.
    Japanese traders said the new pact had a chance for success
as most world producers and consumers had adopted it, but they
questioned the ability of some financially-strapped producers
to finance buffer stock operations.
 REUTER

Shr 10 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 146,000 vs 230,000
    Revs 3,766,000 vs 3,271,000
    Avg shrs 1,458,000 vs 1,125,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 15 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 212,000 vs 653,000
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 9,561,000
    Avg shrs 1,458,000 vs 1,125,000
 Reuter

CPC International Inc officials said
the sale of the company's European corn wet milling business
will remove about 700 mln dlrs of debt and liabilities from
CPC's balance sheet.
    They told analysts the deal, expected to close in
September, and cash flow from other operations will reduce
total debt by about one-third this year. At the end of 1986,
CPC's debt totaled about 1.5 billion dlrs.
    The officials also said the company has no current plans to
sell its U.S. or North American corn wet milling businesses.
    CPC's 1987 capital spending is budgeted at about 250 mln
dlrs, down from about 361 mln dlrs last year, the officials
told analysts.
 Reuter

South Africa's new foreign debt
agreement sparked a rally in local financial markets, but
bankers and economists said the pact removes only one source of
anxiety from a still depressed economy.
    "We have not gone from 'no confidence' to 'full confidence'
yet," commented one banker, who saw the agreement as having
marginal influence on fundamental economic problems.
    Money market analysts cited the debt renegotiation as the
main impetus behind increases today in both the commercial and
financial rand.
    The commercial rand, used for current account transactions,
rose 0.5 cts to 49 U.S. Cts while the financial rand jumped
nearly two cts to 33 U.S. Cts.
    All equity and fixed investment flows of foreigners take
place through the financial rand, which is considered the main
barometer of South Africa's attractiveness to overseas
investors.
    Analysts predicted the debt arrangement plus further gains
in the gold price could push the commercial rand over 50 U.S.
Cts and the financial rand to 35 cents in the next few weeks.
    They said the financial rand in particular was being driven
by a tentative provision in the new debt agreement that could
favorably affect the currency.
    Foreign creditors may get permission to convert loan
balances and short-term claims into equity investments in South
Africa.
    Finance Minister Barend du Plessis said the Reserve Bank
was "investigating the implications of such conversions in light
of terms and restrictions of the financial rand system."
    Du Plessis in disclosing the new agreement last night said
the recent sharp rise in the financial rand was an example that
"some foreign investors are again taking a more realistic view
of South Africa."
    Terms of the debt agreement call for South Africa to repay
1.42 billion dlrs of 13 billion dlrs of frozen debt over the
next three years. The agreement extends a standstill
arrangement, expiring June 30, that has been in place since
August, 1985.
    Bankers said the repayment amounts essentially confirmed
their private estimates and could be comfortably met by the
monetary authorities.
    "They (creditors) asked for the maximum amount and we
offered the minimum," said one banking source, reacting to
reports from London that creditors were hoping for larger
repayments.
    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said South Africa
should have "no difficulty whatsoever" with the terms.
    Economists said the debt agreement would have no
significant impact on economic problems continuing to face
South Africa including high rates of inflation and
unemployment, labour unrest and political uncertainty.
    Johannesburg Stock Exchange president Tony Norton, speaking
yesterday before the debt agreement, said the economy was "in
bad shape" and there was "an awful lot of talk but little action"
to cure serious problems.
 REUTER

NEC Corp is establishing a 150 mln dlr
euro-commercial paper program with a sterling option, Morgan
Guaranty Ltd said as arranger.
    Paper will be issued by NEC Industries Netherlands BV under
the guarantee of NEC Corp.
    Dealers will be Morgan Guaranty, Chase Investment Bank Ltd,
Shearson Lehman Brothers International and Swiss Bank Corp
International Ltd.  Issuing and paying agent will be Chase
Manhattan Bank NA, London.
 REUTER

Vista Organization Ltd said its board
has formed an office of the president.
    The company said the office includes Mark S. Germain, who
is primarily responsible for administration and corporate
policy, Herb Jaffe, who heads motion picture operations, and
Gabriel Katzka, who is in charge of television operations.
 Reuter

P.H. Glatfelter said its
board increased its quarterly dividend on its common stock to
14 cts per share, from 12.5 cts per share the prior quarter.
    It said the dividend is payable May 1, 1987, to
shareholders of record April 15, 1987.
    In addition, the company said it authorized the repurchase
of up to an additional one mln shares of its common stock.
    On March 27, 1985, the board had authorized the repurchase
of up to two mln shares, as adjusted for a two-for-one split,
effected in April 1986, the company said.
    The company said 521,508 shares may still be repurchased
under the 1985 authorization. It added any shares repurchased
would be added to the treasury and will be available for future
issuance.
    The company said it has no present plans to issue any of
the shares which may be repurchased. The company said it
presently has 24,614,352 common shares outstanding.
 Reuter

Reichhold Chemicals Inc said
it is exploring the sale of its stake in its European
subsidiary Reichhold Chemie AG.
    Reichhold Chemie Ag, headquartered in Rausen, Switzerland,
had sales in excess of 75 mln dlrs last year. It is 83 pct
owned by Reichhold. The rest is owned by German and Swiss
shareholders.
    Reichhold said it is seeking the sale to focus on its
adhesives business.
 Reuter

RB Industries Inc said it completed
the sale of its W and J SLoane Division to Laurence Crink Jr
and a group of investors.
    The definitive agreement provides for a closing on April 1,
1987. The division consists of four W and J Sloane furniture
store in Los Angeles and Orange counties.
    RB Industries also said it recently secured a five-year
8.573 pct secured 9.9-mln-dlr loan on its Irvine property from
a major institution. Proceeds will be used to retire existing
bank debt, for working capital and to retire a portion of its
outstanding 12 pct debentures.
 Reuter

Shr 37 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 2,776,000 vs 2,756,000
    Sales 46.9 mln vs 38.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,508,000 vs 5,550,000
    Year
    Shr 58 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 4,021,000 vs 3,005,000
    Sales 125.9 mln vs 112.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,090,000 vs 5,500,000
 Reuter

Travelers Mortgage Services Inc, a
unit of Travelers Corp, is issuing nearly 75.2 mln dlrs of
mortgage pass-through certificates, said sole manager Morgan
Stanely and Co Inc.
    The certificates have a 6-1/2 pct coupon and initial price
of 89.6 for a bond equivalent yield of 8-1/2 pct. Morgan said
the certificates will be reoffered at various prices and have
an average life of 9.6 years.
    Principal and interest will be payed each month beginning
May 25. Standard and Poor's is expected to rate the
certificates AA, Morgan said.
     
 Reuter

The investor group seeking to acquire
GenCorp Inc said it agreed to cancel a court hearing after
GenCorp withdrew three proposals that, if approved, would have
made it more costly and difficult to acquire the Akron,
Ohio-based company.
    Earlier today GenCorp said it will not ask shareholders to
approve an increase in the number of its outstanding shares,
the election of a staggered board of directors and the
elimination of cumulative voting.
    However, the group said it will continue to try to block
GenCorp's poison-pill provision.
    The group, a partnership of AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG> and
&lt;Wagner and Brown>, was to go to court on March 27 to block
GenCorp for having the three proposals voted on by shareholders
at its annual meeting.
    GenCorp said it withdrew the proposals so that it could
focus its attention on the takeover offer.
    The takeover partnership said it has asked to meet with
GenCorp to negotiate a repeal of the company's poison pill
plan.
 Reuter

Taiwan will tender Thursday, March 26,
for a total of 356,000 tonnes of U.S. number two yellow corn
(14.5 pct moisture) for various Sept/Dec shipments via Gulf or
Pacific Northwest ports, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter

PS Group Inc said it and
USAir Group agreed to move up the completion date of USAir's
acquisition of Pacific Southwest Airlines to April 30 from
September 30 originally.
    If the acquisition does not take place by April 30, either
party may terminate the agreement, the company said.
    The deadline has been moved up because the Department of
Transportation and PS Group shareholders have already approved
the transaction, the company said.
    A Teamsters Union agreement to certain labor contract
conditions remains to be resolved under the pact.
 Reuter

Chapman Energy INc said it is launching
a major restructuring which, if not approved, it will have no
alternative but to seek protection under Chapter 11.
    Under the plan, Chapman will exchange securities and cash
for all outstanding 12 pct senior subordinated debentures due
2000 and will sell a controlling interest to Troon Partners
Ltd.
   The agreement with Troon requires Troon to advance 6.5 mln
dlrs partially secured by a first mortgage lien on the
company's interest in its natural gas pipeline partnership and
Troon to tender 100,000 principal amount of debentures to
Chapman.
    Proceeds of the loan will be used for the cash portion of
the restructuring. Troon will acquire a majority stock interest
and control of the board.
    In addition, Chapman and Troon will establish a 10 mln dlrs
acquisition joint ventures, it said.
    The plan also contemplates establishing a restructured loan
providing for one master credit agreement having an aggregate
balance of 22.4 mln dlrs.
    The plan also contemplates the recapitalization of
preferred stock whereby each share will be converted into three
shares of common stock.
    Chapman also said it also plans to negotiate settelment and
discharge of a substantial portion of its accounts payable and
settlement of certain litigation.
    If approved by various creditors and shareholders, the
company expects the plan to be completed by May 29.
    Chapman also repoted a loss of 43.4 mln dlrs for the year,
including asset writedowns of 35.5 mln dlrs, compared to
December 31, compared to a net income of 177,243 in 1985.
    The 1986 loss resulted in shareholders' deficiency of 15
mln dlrs compared to shareholder's equity of 28.9 mln last
year.
    Total assets decreased to 35.6 mln dlrs from 81.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Former Chinese Communist Party chief Hu
Yaobang attended a parliamentary session in his first public
appearance since his dismissal in January.
    Hu took his place on the platform of the auditorium of
Peking's Great Hall of the People as 3,000 delegates gathered
for the opening meeting of the National People's Congress
annual session.
    Hu was dismissed from the top Communist Party job after
being accused of "mistakes" including a failure to combat Western
political ideas.
 REUTER

The Finance Ministry has accepted a
decision by the securities industry to expand the share of
foreign brokers in the 10-year bond underwriting syndicate to
5.73 pct from 1.19 pct now, a ministry spokesman said.
    Earlier this month, the ministry approved a plan to expand
the securities industry's share in the syndicate to 26.2 pct
from 26 pct from April to allow six foreign securities firms to
participate, he said.
    The banks' share in the syndicate will be cut to 73.8 pct
from 74 pct from April.
    Each of the original 17 foreign brokers had a 0.07 pct
share, but the securities industry said in a report accepted by
the ministry that it decided to raise the share of some foreign
firms due to their commitment to the Japanese market.
    Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd will have one pct, while S.G.
Warburg and Co Ltd, Goldman, Sachs International Corp, Jardine
Fleming (Securities) Ltd, First Boston Corp, Merrill Lynch
Securities Co and Morgan Stanley and Co Inc will each have 0.5
pct.
    Vickers da Costa Ltd and Smith Barney, Harris Upham
International Inc will each have 0.3 pct. Kleinwort, Benson
Ltd, Kidder, Peabody and Co Ltd, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc,
Deutsche Bank AG and W.I. Carr, Sons and Co each get 0.1 pct.
    Bache Securities (Japan) Ltd, Hoare Govett (Far East) Ltd
and J. Henry Schroeder Bank and Trust Co and the six new
syndicate members -- E.F. Hutton International Inc, Shearson
Lehman Brothers Asia Inc, Dresdner Bank AG, Swiss Bank Corp
International Asia Inc, Sogen Security Corp and Swiss Union
Philips and Drew Ltd -- will each have a 0.07 pct share in the
securities industry.
 REUTER

Jiangsu Tobacco Corp and &lt;Celanese
Fibres Operations Ltd> yesterday established China's first
cigarette filter joint venture, the Nantong Cellulose Fibres
Co, the China Daily said.
    The joint venture factory, due to start operations in 1989,
will be able to produce up to 10,000 tonnes of cellulose fibre
annually, it said. Cellulose fibre is the main component of
cigarette filters, which China has always imported.
    It said Celanese Fibres owns 30.68 pct of the Jiangsu
province-based joint venture which has a total investment of
35.17 mln dlrs.
 REUTER

Vietnam will resettle 300,000 people on
state farms known as new economic zones in 1987, to create jobs
and grow more high-value export crops, the communist party
newspaper Nhan Dan said.
    Yesterday's edition, received here today, said Vietnam
would invest one billion dong, including the costs of
relocation, in 272 new economic zones. About one third of that
sum would be spent on export crops such as coffee, tea, rubber
and pepper in the Central Highlands, it said.
    Since 1975, Vietnam has resettled about three million
people from cities and crowded river deltas to the zones.
 REUTER

Enserch Inc is issuing 100 mln dlrs of
convertible debt due October 4, 2002 carrying an indicated
coupon of six to 6-3/8 pct and priced at par, Salomon Brothers
International said as lead manager.
    Enserch's stock closed at 22-1/2 last night on the New York
Stock Exchange. The conversion premium is indicated to be 20 to
23 pct. The securities are non-callable for three years.
    There is a 1-1/2 pct selling concession and two pct
combined management and underwriting fee.
 REUTER

Malaysia's net external borrowings
for 1987 are expected to be maintained at around last year's
levels of about 1.45 billion ringgit, Zain Azraai, secretary
general to the Finance Ministry, told an investment seminar
here.
    Malaysia's debt service ratio will also be maintained at "a
level no higher than 20 pct," he said. "This is well within the
capacity of the nation to service."
    Azraai said the 1986 foreign borrowing level and projected
estimates of 1987 compared favourably with the peak of around
5.5 billion ringgit in 1982.
    Malaysia's external debts total 48 to 49 billion ringgit
and its debt service ratio exceeds 20 pct, the Development Bank
of Singapore Ltd, one of Singapore's four major local banks,
said in a report released this week.
    Azraai said: "While the growth in debt has been rapid in
recent years, it is still within the limits of prudence and
conscious efforts have been made and will continue to be made
to decelerate and restrain external borrowings."
    He said the Malaysian government is urgently addressing the
twin deficits of the Federal Budget and the balance of payments
which followed two recessions in the 1980s.
    Azraai said Malaysia's public sector deficit had risen due
to the contraction in the government's resources as well as the
rapid growth in public expenditures.
    With declining incomes and export earnings, the bases for
resource generation became limited, and the government will not
raise taxes because current tax margins are high compared to
Malaysia's neighbours, he said.
    "As such the remaining avenue for rationalising and
consolidating the budget is through expenditure reductions," he
said.
    Azraai said the Malaysian government's development
expenditures were cut by about 25 pct in 1987, while those of
state enterprises were reduced by 41 pct.
    He said: "A commitment has been undertaken to reduce the
budget deficit over time and to balance the Federal
government's budget current account deficit by 1989."
    Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin presented a
budget for 1987 which foresees a deficit of 9.4 billion
ringgit, down from 11.6 billion in 1986, with federal spending
targetted at 27.4 billion, down from 30.8 billion, and revenue
at 18 billion against 19.2 billion.
    Azraai said the government will cut the size of the public
sector and privatize those operations which may be better run
by the private sector. New measures have been introduced to
boost the private sector and attract foreign investment.
    A higher proportion of foreign ownership, even up to 100
pct, is now possible for new investments in the manufacturing
sector made between October 1986 and December 1990, he said.
    "The long term prospects of the Malaysian economy are bright
... Indications are already available to show that the economy
is recovering and that growth will be positive and stronger
than originally expected," Azraai said.
 REUTER

A strong performance from all BAT
Industries Plc's &lt;BTI.L> major sectors enabled the group's 1986
pretax profits to pass the one billion stg level for the third
year running, Chairman Patrick Sheehy said in a statement.
    The group earlier reported a 19 pct rise in profits to 1.39
billion, which Sheehy said was achieved without any help from
exchange rate fluctuations or acquisitions.
    Good results were achieved by its Argos and Saks Fifth
Avenue in retailing and by Wiggins Teape and Appleton in paper.
    Tobacco accounted for about 50 pct of profit with a four
pct gain to 764 mln stg and a two pct increase in world volume.
    The results were largely in line with analysts expectations
and BAT shares firmed by two pence to 537p at 0955 GMT.
    BAT said the U.S. Brown and Williamson unit held most of
its 1985 gains and increased profit 18 pct in dollar terms.
    Financial services saw profits double to 282 mln with both
Eagle Star and Allied Dunbar achieving further growth.
    Allied Dunbar reported a 51 pct rise in life annual
premiums to 39 mln stg. BAT said it increased new business by
38 pct in the last nine months after a relatively slow first
quarter. Its permanent health insurance was now the market
leader and its Unit Trust group was now the second largest in
the U.K.
    Eagle Star general premiums rose 32 pct to 1.03 billion.
Its life activities also grew 39 pct with better underwriting
results in the second half.
    Cash flow was strong and the gross debt to equity ratio
dropped to 41 pct from 51 pct. The net ratio, at 26 pct, left
the group strongly placed to pursue its further development.
    Profits from paper and pulp grew 29 pct to 217 mln stg,
nearly three times the 1982 level, with Wiggins Teape's sales
rising 36 pct to pass one billion stg.
    BAT said in 1986 it had sold 88 BATUS stores in the U.S.
For 644 mln dlrs and sold Grovewood Securities for 142 mln stg.
 REUTER

The U.S. Airline Brockway Air, a
subsidiary of &lt;Brockway Inc>, has signed an agreement with
Saab-Scania AB &lt;SABS ST> to buy five 34-seater Saab SF340
aircraft for an undisclosed price, with an option on a further
five, Saab said.
     All five will be delivered to the Burlington,
Vermont-based airline this year for use on Brockway's 22-city
service system.
    Saab said it now had 103 firm orders for the regional
SF340, 80 of which had already been delivered.
 REUTER

The Bank of Thailand is seeking Finance
Ministry approval to issue its first bond, central bank sources
said.
    The planned three billion baht issue would carry a term of
six months to one year as a short term move to mop up surplus
funds held by commercial banks.
    The issue would offer a coupon attractive to commercial
banks, which currently have an estimated 30 to 60 billion baht
in funds invested in low-yield securities, the sources said.
    The central bank, charged with supervision of commercial
banks, has previously issued only Finance Ministry bonds.
    Private bankers said they are awaiting a central bank
decision on whether to allow commercial banks to continue
holding up to 40 pct of their capital in foreign exchange or to
return it to 20 pct as scheduled.
    The six month 40 pct ceiling expires April 6 but the banks
want it extended for six more months.
    They said a forced cut in foreign exchange positions would
worsen the local liquidity problem as commercial banks would
have to convert about five billion baht worth of foreign
currencies in their portfolios into baht.
    Senior central bank officials suggested to reporters last
week that the foreign exchange ceiling will be lowered to
discourage banks' use of excess funds for currency speculation.
    Central bank sources said some commercial banks,
anticipating such a central bank decision, have been converting
their foreign currencies into baht this week and lending the
additional funds to the Bank of Thailand's short-term loan
repurchase facility.
    They said the Bank of Thailand's repurchase window
yesterday received offers of about three billion baht of
investment funds from commercial banks, three times its normal
daily amount.
    The repurchase window uses government bonds as an
instrument with which commercial banks can borrow from or lend
to the state bank.
    The facility is sometimes used by the central bank to set a
local short-term interest benchmark through fixing its bond
repurchase rates.
 REUTER

Oper shr 28 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Oper net 194,000 vs 1,255,000
    Sales 27.5 mln vs 30.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.68 dlrs vs 63 cts
    Oper net 1,880,000 vs 684,000
    Sales 100.5 mln vs 115.6 mln
    Avg shrs 700,086 vs 1,079,165
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes tax credits of 1,042,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,603,000 dlrs in year.
    Net excludes discontinued operations gain 330,000 dlrs vs
loss 385,000 dlrs in quarter and gain 485,000 dlrs vs loss
2,692,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter

Duriron Co Inc said it has
completed the acquisition of Valtek Inc for 11.75 dlrs per
share following Valtek shareholder approval yesterday.
 Reuter

Rowley-Scher Reprographics Inc
said it expects to report an operating loss and a loss from the
sale of its Mid South Repro subsidiary for the year ending
MArch 31.
    Last year, the company reported earnings of 977,000 dlrs.
    Rowley-Scher did not disclose details of the sale of Mid
South Repro.
    It said the sale has eliminated an unprofitable operation.
    The company also said it will open two new reprographic
centers in the Washington/Baltimore area within the next three
weeks, brining the total there to 11, and a new downtown Boston
location in the same time period, brining the number in the
Boston area to four.
 Reuter

Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 16
 Reuter


****** Bundesbank buys dollars for yen - Frankfurt dealers
Blah blah blah.



The Bundesbank bought large amounts
of dollars for yen in an apparent attempt to hold the dollar
above 149 yen, dealers said.
    The dollar intervention was in concert with some other
central banks, they said.
    Dealers said the Bank of Japan and Bank of England
supported the dollar against the yen earlier today and that
these two banks and the U.S. Federal Reserve were also active
yesterday.
    The Bundesbank declined to comment on the dealers' remarks.
    Dealers said the intervention underlined the determination
of central banks to keep currencies within recent ranges
following last month's agreement in Paris by six leading
countries to foster currency stability.
    One dealer said he had been repeatedly in contact with the
Bundesbank during the morning to see if it wanted to buy
dollars after the Japanese and U.K. Central bank moves.
    He said the Bundesbank told him it was observing the
situation to see if it should intervene in consultation with
other central banks.
    Since the Paris agreement on February 22 the dollar had
until yesterday traded in a 1.8150-1.8700 mark range, and above
150 yen, with traders reluctant to push the dollar down to test
central banks' resolve to defend currency stability.
    But the test came this week with the dollar falling below
1.81 marks and 150 yen. Dealers said a reviving trade dispute
between Washington and Tokyo and growing sentiment that the
dollar would have to fall further to narrow the obstinate U.S.
Trade deficit were behind the weakness.
    This week's intervention showed central banks were prepared
to cooperate to defend the Paris pact, dealers said.
    Dealers said it was significant the West German and British
central banks were supporting the dollar against the yen.
    That showed the pact involved multilateral cooperation by
central banks to foster currency stability, they said.
    But it was unclear how such cooperation was being arranged
and how frequent consultations between central banks were.
 REUTER

CPC International Inc officials said
the sale of the company's European corn wet milling business
will remove about 700 mln dlrs of debt and liabilities from
CPC's balance sheet.
    They told analysts the deal, expected to close in
September, and cash flow from other operations will reduced
total debt by about one-third this year. At the end of 1986,
CPC's debt totaled about 1.5 billion dlrs.
    The officials also said the company has no current plans to
sell its U.S. or North American corn wet milling businesses.
    CPC's 1987 capital spending is budgeted at about 250 mln
dlrs, down from about 361 mln dlrs last year, the officials
told analysts.
    They said the planned sale of the European corn wet milling
business, which is subject to reaching a definitive agreement,
will not result in much of change in this year's spending
plans.
    CPC is continuing to reduce corporate overhead costs by
streamlining operations in Latin America, its technical
laboratory operations in the U.S., and by completing the start
up of a new plant in Argo, Ill., they added.
 Reuter

Tseng Laboratories Inc said it
expects first quarter 1987 sales to exceed total sales for the
entire 1986 year, and said it expects earnings for the quarter
to grow at a faster rate than sales.
    Tseng posted total revenues for 1986 of 4,255,731, and net
income of 258,125, or 14 cts per share.
    Jack Tseng, president of the company, attributed the high
expectations to increased orders from major costomers, as well
as accelerated business from its growing reseller network.
    Tseng posted first quarter 1986 sales of 549,950, and net
income of 19,163, the company said.
 Reuter

Escagen Corp said an initial
offering of two mln common shares is underway at nine dlrs each
through underwriters led by &lt;Prudential-Bache Group Inc>.
    The company is purchasing the assets and business of
International Plant Research Institute and will apply plant
biotechnology to developing food products and planting
materials.
 Reuter

The European Community Commission
confirmed it granted export licences for 59,000 tonnes of
current series white sugar at a maximum export rebate of 45.678
European Currency Units (ECUs) per 100 kilos.
    Out of this, traders in West Germany received 34,750
tonnes, in the U.K. 13,000, in Denmark 7,250 tonnes and in
France 4,000 tonnes.
 REUTER

Southern Railway Co, a unit of Norfolk
Southern Corp, is raising 20.6 mln dlrs through an offering of
equipment trust certificates due 1988 to 2002, said lead
manager Morgan Stanley and Co Inc.
    Morgan headed a syndicate that won the certificates in
competitive bidding. It bid them at 98.252 and set a 7-1/4 pct
coupon and various reoffering prices for the maturities. Yields
range from 6.20 to 7-3/4 pct.
    Non-callable for life, the certificates are rated a
top-flight AAA by both Moody's and Standard and Poor's. Kidder
Peabody is co-managing the issue.
 Reuter

Apollo Computer Inc said it
entered into a joint marketing agreement with &lt;Palladian
Software Inc> to distribute an artificial intelligence software
package.
    Apollo said it will market the Palladian Management
Advisor, formerly known as the Financial Advisor, on Apollo
workstations.
    Apollo said the agreement signals the first time a general
business expert system is available for professional
workstations.
 Reuter

Net 105 mln dlrs vs 39 mln
    Sales 3.6 billion vs 2.6 billion
    NOTE: Wholly-owned by &lt;BASF AG> of West Germany.
 Reuter

Atlantis Group Inc said it has filed for
an initial public offering of 1,500,000 common shares and a 50
mln dlr offering of subordinated notes due 1997.
    The company said Robinson-Humphrey Co Inc and Sutro and Co
Inc will manage the share offering and American Express Co's
&lt;AXP> Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc and Robinson-Humphrey the
debt offering.  Proceeds will be used to reduce debt and seek
acquisitions.
    Atlantis is involved in plastics and furniture
manufacturing and in property-casualty insurance.
 Reuter

California Microwave Inc said
it will take non-recurring charges of 9.7 mln dlrs to pre-tax
earnings in the third quarter ended March 31.
    The company said earnings from operations in the second
half, ending June 30, 1987, excluding the charges, are expected
to be in the break-even range.
    In the second half of 1986 net earnings were 2,297,000
dlrs, or 29 cts per share.
    The company said the charges relate to its
telecommunications products area and three other areas.
    California Microwave previously estimated the write-downs
in the six to eight-mln-dlr range. It said it will add to that
a reserve for investment losses in Argo Communications Corp.
    Also to be included in the write-down are charges against
its advances to an Arizona-based communications electronics
firm the company has an option to acquire, it said.
    In addition, accruals are being made for costs associated
with the company's reduction in its Sunnyvale work force.
    California Microwave said the write-downs should have a
nominal cash impact, as the company already has paid for the
assets being written down.
 Reuter

Borg-Warner Corp said it has had
discussions with Irwin Jacobs on his interest in the
possibility of Minstar Inc &lt;MNST>, a Jacobs controlled company,
being given access to certain non-public information about
Borg-Warner.
    In late February, an investor group headed by Jacobs
offered 44 dlrs a share, or 3.29 billion dlrs, to take over
Borg-Warner.
    Borg-Warner said it advised Jacobs that before its board
would give Minstar access to company records Minstar would have
to provide satisfactory evidence that sufficient financing was
committed to carry out whatever transaction was proposed.
    A Borg-Warner spokesperson said the discussions with Jacobs
and other Minstar officials focused on terms and conditions
under which the company would consider granting Minstar access
to the information it was seeking.
    The Borg-Warner spokesperson said the company has not been
able to reach an agreement with Minstar, and Borg-Warner has
not granted Minstar access to any records.
    There can be no assurance that there will be further
discussions with Jacobs or that any agreement will be reached,
the company added.
 Reuter

Canadian Energy Minister Marcel Masse
will hold a news conference at noon est Wednesday, following a
meeting with his Alberta counterpart, Neil Webber, his office
announced.
    Published reports in Canada, quoting government sources,
said Masse will announce a major aid package for the province's
struggling energy industry.
    An unidentified Alberta member of Parliament said the plan
will include drilling incentives and tax measures.
 Reuter

Shr loss 44 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 2.4 mln vs loss 880,000
    Revs 2.4 mln vs 2.6 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 87 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 4.3 mln vs loss 494,000
    Revs 9.0 mln vs 12.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 includes restructuring charges of 2.1 mln dlrs
and loss of foreign affiliates of 2.0 mln dlrs. 1985 includes
loss from foreign affiliates of 173,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Tandon Corp said Sears
Roebuck, through its Sears Business Centers, continues to be a
customer of Tandon for its products.
    The company said it was issuing the statement in response
to a published report that quoted unidentified industry sources
as saying Sears Business Centers will shortly discontinue
carrying Tandon computer products.
    Tandon noted, however, that while the Sears relationship is
important, in the first quarter of 1987, ended December 28,
1986, sales to Sears accounted for less than two pct of the
company's total revenues of 76.44 mln dlrs.
 Reuter


******Miami-Brazil says it expects to make no interest payments before March 31
Blah blah blah.



 said it
plans for a one-for-five bonus issue for both its "A" and "B"
shares following an earlier report of a 44.7 pct jump in 1986
net profits to 1.78 billion H.K. Dlrs.
    The company also announced final dividends of 44 cents per
"A" share and 8.8 cents per "B" share against 32.3 and 6.5 cents a
year ago.
    It recorded extraordinary gains of 1.38 billion dlrs which
mainly derived from the sale in April of a 15.75 pct stake in
Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> in line with the
floatation of the airline.
 REUTER

Middle East currency dealers meet in
Abu Dhabi this weekend at a time of fundamental change in their
business, which has seen a growing volume of trade shift from
the Arab world to London.
    The 14th congress of the Inter-Arab Cambiste Association
also comes at a time when the prospect of a unified Gulf
currency system is more real that at any time this decade.
    Foreign exchange traders and bank treasurers said these
issues, and the slide of the Lebanese pound, can be expected to
be major talking points.
    About 250 traders and treasurers from some 115 banks --
including some in London and other major non-Arab financial
centres -- are expected to attend the conference which begins
on on Saturday.
    Bankers said it is hard to avoid the impression that a
growing proportion of transactions in the Saudi riyal market,
by far the largest in the region, is being carried out in
London.
    The market had been dominated by Saudi Arabia's 11 banks,
foreign exchange houses in the Kingdom and offshore banks in
Bahrain. But bankers said more and more Saudi and Bahrain-based
banks are boosting their treasury operations in London.
    As recession hit the Middle East and the need for trade
finance in the region declined, many offshore banks in Bahrain
ran down their currency operations. None of the four major U.K.
Clearing banks now has a dealing room on the island.
    The two major Bahrain-based international banks, &lt;Arab
Banking Corp> and &lt;Gulf International Bank BSC> have increased
their presence in London and Saudi banks are busy upgrading
representative offices to branch status to allow dealing.
    One economist said: "It is cheaper to run a riyal book in
London than staff an expensive offshore operation in Bahrain...
There is now the nucleus of a two-way market in London."
    Jeddah-based &lt;Riyad Bank> set up as a licensed deposit
taker in London in 1984, while its main rival in Saudi Arabia,
&lt;National Commercial Bank> (NCB) won a licence in November
1986.
    The major market maker has traditionally been London-based
consortium bank &lt;Saudi International Bank> but the kingdom
joint-venture &lt;Saudi American Bank> (SAMBA) also upgraded its
London operation to deposit taker status in mid-February.
    One senior currency trader in Riyadh said: "Inevitably the
volume of business in London has gained pace with the two new
licences for NCB and SAMBA, but there is no question that most
of the liquidity still rests in Saudi Arabia."
    Currency traders said the shift to London in the Saudi
riyal market is difficult to quantify.
    Bahrain Monetary Agency figures show regional currency
deposits held by offshore banks, most in Saudi riyals, dropped
to the equivalent of 12.2 billion dlrs at end-September 1986
from 13.4 billion at end-1985 and a 1983 peak of 15.0 billion.
    The shift has prompted changes in dealing habits. Riyal
trading in the Gulf on Saturdays and Sundays has become very
quiet with London closed while some Saudi and Bahrain banks now
staff offices on Friday, the Gulf weekend. Traders also expect
&lt;Arab National Bank> to step up London operations.
    Traders say it is difficult to foresee the riyal market
moving completely out of the region, partly because of local
demand and partly because of what is seen as the Saudi Arabian
Monetary Agency's (SAMA) desire to moderate
internationalisation of the riyal and protect it from undue
speculation.
    There have been far fewer signs of the Kuwaiti dinar market
shifting from its natural base of Kuwait and trading in Bahrain
and London is still limited.
    But for the first time since the formation of the six
nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) in 1981 there are signs
that a much mooted currency union could come into force soon.
    Currency traders said it remains unclear what form a final
currency union would take for the six states -- Saudi Arabia,
Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
    But plans to link the six currencies in a European Monetary
System style with a common peg have been discussed at high
level and could be a topic on the GCC's annual summit expected
to be held in Saudi Arabia late in the year.
    One dealer said: "A lot of exposure is being given to
discussions and plans appear to be quite advanced. But in the
end a political decision has to be taken to give the go-ahead."
    One open question is that of a common peg for currencies.
    The idea of linking the six currencies has been debated
since the start of the GCC. The Kuwaiti dinar is currently
linked to a basket of currencies while the other five
currencies are either officially or in practice linked to the
U.S. Dollar.
    Some traders said a currency union could mean speculation
against the Saudi riyal rubbing off on other Gulf currencies,
but plans call for a permitted divergence in the system of
7-1/4 pct, large enough to avoid sudden strains.
    Another topic for debate is expected to be the continued
slide of the Lebanese pound against the dollar and the
undermining of the effective capital base of Lebanese banks.
 REUTER

Shr 22.7p vs 20.3p.
    Final div 8.25p, making 11.75p vs 11p.
    Pre-tax profit 101 mln stg vs 92 mln.
    Attributable profit 45 mln vs 39 mln.
    Turnover 2.14 billion stg vs 2.11 billion.
 MORE

The yen could rise to 140 yen to the
dollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.
    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential Japan
Federation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), told
reporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).
The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economy
is not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."
    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.
Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as the
American situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," he
said.
    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,
Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,
including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.
    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters for
wage increases this year as a means of raising private
consumption and thus boosting domestic demand.
    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.
    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressing
the outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in addition
to hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic market
manufacturers through cheap imports.
    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsuki
said.
    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and a
downturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect service
industries, he said.
    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fully
employ those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, he
said.
    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall in
the business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possible
recession in the Japanese economy, he said.
    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyond
levels experienced in 1986.
    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last week
the economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performance
since 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil
price crisis.
    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost the
economy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of land
and reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along with
steps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said.
 REUTER

Brazil and its bank creditors failed to
achieve any breakthrough in debt talks here last night after
Brazil refused to say when it would resume interest payments.
    Central Bank governor Francisco Gros said after a meeting
with a 14-bank advisory committee that Brazil cannot make any
interest payments at this time, though it would do so "as soon
as we can."
    The talks came as the annual meeting of the 44-nation
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB), in which both Gros and
the bankers had been taking part, moved toward a close here.
    Bankers leaving the meeting with Gros declined to discuss
details of the talks, though some expressed satisfaction that
Brazil had agreed to continue working with the committee.
    At the same time, Gros told reporters not to expect any
dramatic developments before March 31, the date when some U.S.
banks have said they will take a decision whether to put Brazil
loans on a non-performing basis.
    Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68 billion dlr
foreign debt to commercial banks on February 20 and shortly
after announced it was freezing some 16 billion dlrs in
short-term credit lines.
    Banks are not obliged to declare these loans non-performing
before 90 days have elapsed, but the move to announce a
possible decision in this respect was viewed as a means of
exerting pressure on Brazil.
    The bank committee, headed by Citibank, had been pressing
Brazil to make at least a token payment of interest but Gros
said this was not possible right now.
    "We are not in a position to make a payment at this stage,"
Gros said.
    At the same time, the two sides reached a stopgap
arrangement on the short-term trade and money-market credit
lines, whereby the committee agreed to transmit a Brazilian
request to extend the lines for 60 days until May 31.
    Banks have been indicating they will not renew credit lines
in response to the Brazilian move.
 Reuter

A severe drought has affected 170,560
hectares of farmlands in six eastern and northeastern
provinces, Interior Permanent Secretary Pisarn Mulasartsathorn
said.
    He told reporters some 178,790 farming families in 45
districts in Chaiyaphum, Korat, Phrae, Chainat, Rayong and Trat
provinces were seeking relief water from the government.
    The official did not say what crops have been damaged.
    Senior Interior Ministry officials said this week the worse
than average drought this year has affected 14 provinces and
may last until early May.
 REUTER

Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts
    Pay April 24
    Record April 7
    Note: year ago adjusted to reflect March 19 three-for-two
stock split.
    (Washington Federal Savings and Loans Association)
 Reuter

Matsushita Electric Industrial Co Ltd
&lt;MC.T> said it will issue a 200 billion yen unsecured
convertible bond in the domestic capital market through public
placement with Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd, Nomura Securities Co
Ltd, Nikko Securities Co Ltd, Daiwa Securities Co Ltd and
National Securities Co Ltd as underwriters.
    Coupon and conversion price for the par-priced bond
maturing on September 30, 1996, will be set before payment on
May 2.
    This issue equals in size a record one by Toyota Motor Corp
last December.
    Matsushita's shares closed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange at
1,640 yen, down 50 from yesterday.
 REUTER

 said only about
852,000 shares of Cyclops Corp common stock, or 20 pct on a
fully diluted basis, were tendered and not withdrawn under its
bid for all shares that expired yesterday, but the companmy has
still decided to accept all shares validly tendered.
    The company said it now has about 22 pct ownership of
Cyclops on a fully diluted basis and expects to proceeds toward
completion of its proposed acquisition of Cyclops.
    Last week, before extending its Cyclops offer for one week
at the request of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Dixons had reported that 54 pct of Cyclops' stock had been
tendered in response to its 90.25 dlrs per share offer which
expired at 2400 EST yesterday.
    Yesterday, CAYACQ Corp dropped certain conditions of its
92.50 dlrs a share offer for Cyclops and firmed up the
financing for the proposed transaction. CAYACQ, an investor
group led by Audio/Video Affiliates Inc and Citicorp, raised
the value of its offer from 80 dlrs per Cyclops share on Friday.
 Reuter

China should tighten imports of ordinary
goods and restrict or even forbid import of goods which can be
made domestically, Premier Zhao Ziyang said.
    He told the National People's Congress, China's parliament,
that the country's foreign exchange is limited and must be used
where it is most needed. "We should expand production of import
substitutes and increase their proportion," he said. On exports,
China should increase its proportion of manufactured goods,
especially textiles, light industrial goods, electronics and
machinery, he said.
    Zhao said China should lower the cost of exports and
control the export of goods that incur too much loss.
    Zhao said China should work to provide a more favourable
investment environment for foreign businessmen.
 Reuter


******WASTE MANAGEMENT ENDS TENDER OFFER FOR CHEMLAWN
Blah blah blah.



NVHomes LP said its board declared
a two-for-one split of Class A units, payable to shareholders
of record on April 20.
    It said certificates will be distributed about two weeks
after the record date.
 Reuter

Oper shr 32 cts vs seven cts
    Oper net 2,599,000 vs 550,000
    Revs 94.4 mln vs 69.4 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 1,405,000 dlrs vs
3,538,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Perception Technology Corp said
it expects to take a charge of about 686,000 dlrs or 19 cts per
share against earnings for the second quarter ended March 31
due to the bankruptcy proceeding of customer T.C. of New York
Inc.
    Perception said it has outstanding lease receivables from
T.C. of about 2,480,000 dlrs.
    It said the exact amnount of the charge will depend on the
extent of recovery of the leased equipment involved and on
arrangements that might be made with the bankruptcy court on
the equipment.
 Reuter


******EC EXPORT LICENCES FOR 59,000 TONNES WHITE  SUGAR AT REBATE 45.678 ECUS - FRENCH TRADERS
Blah blah blah.




******HOUSE WAYS AND MEANS CMTE FINISHES WORK ON BILL TO TOUGHEN TRADE LAWS
Blah blah blah.



The House Ways and Means Committee
completed action on legislation to toughen U.S. trade laws,
chairman Dan Rostenkowski said.
    The committee's consideration of one of the most
controversial provisions, a plan to force major trade surplus
countries to cut their trade imbalance with the United States,
was deferred until the full House considers the trade bill, its
sponsor Rep. Richard Gephardt said.
    Gephardt, a Missouri Democrat, told Reuters he was not
certain the exact form his trade surplus reduction proposal
would take. Last year the House approved his plan to force a 10
pct surplus cutback each year for four years, by countries such
as Japan.
    The Ways and Means Committess' trade bill forces President
Reagan to retaliate against unfair trade practices that violate
international trade agreements but it allows him to wave
retaliatory tariffs or quotas if the action would hurt the U.S.
economy.
    The trade bill gives U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter more authority in trade negotiations and in decisions
to grant domestic industries import relief.
    It also gives him authority to decide whether foreign trade
practices are unfair and violate U.S. trading rights. These
powers are currently held by President Reagan.
    The administration has strongly objected to this transfer
of authority from Reagan to Yeutter.
    The bill also extends U.S. authority to negotiate
multilateral trade agreements. The bill will be wrapped into
other trade legislation and voted on in the House in April.
 Reuter

The Bristol and West Building Society is
issuing a 250 mln dlr multi-currency certificate of deposit
facility, said Kleinwort, Benson Ltd, one of the appointed
dealers.
 The other dealers will be Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd and Morgan
Guaranty Ltd.
    The maturities range from 28 to 364 days and denominations
will be 500,000 and one mln dlrs.
 REUTER

The Travelers Corp's Travelers
Mortgage Services said it signed a letter of intent to buy two
subsidiaries of the privately-held &lt;Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the U.S.>
    The company said it plans to acquire the Equitable
Relocation Management Corp and the Equitable Realty Network
Inc.
    The company said the acquisitions will give it broader
distribution of its corporate relocation service and mortgage
programs.
 Reuter

Qtrly div 41.5 cts vs 41.5 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 6
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve will probably
intervene in the government securities market to add reserves
today, economists said.
    They expected the Fed will supply temporary reserves
indirectly via 1.5 to two billion dlrs of customer repurchase
agreements.
    Fed funds hovered at a relatively high 6-1/4 pct this
morning after averaging 6.14 pct on Tuesday.
    Early this afternoon the Fed also is expected to supply
reserves permanently, effective Thursday, by offering to buy
all maturities of Treasury bills.
 Reuter

Phoenix Re Corp said an initial public
offering of 2,500,000 common shares is under way at 13 dlrs
each through underwriters led by American Express Co's &lt;AXP>
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc subsidiary and Advest Group Inc
&lt;ADV>.
    Phoenix Re was formed by Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co.
 Reuter

Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Market response to the Treasury's 24,500
billion lire offer of short-term treasury bills was mixed, with
three-month paper in strong demand but six and 12-month bills
undersubscribed, Bank of Italy figures show.
    Rates were unchanged on those indicated at the time the
offer was announced.
    The market was assigned all of the 3,500 billion lire of
three-month bills on offer after requesting a total of 4,695
billion. Effective net annualised compound yield on the bills
is 9.87 pct, down from 9.98 pct on the previous issue of
three-month paper.
    Of the 9,500 billion lire of six-month paper offered,
operators requested and were assigned 7,098 billion lire at a
net annualised compound rate of 9.24 pct, down from 9.30 pct
previously.
    The market requested and was assigned 8,584 billion lire of
the 11,500 billion lire of 12-month bills offered at a net
annual rate of 9.02 pct, down from 9.05 pct previously.
    The Bank of Italy took up a total 4,200 billion lire of the
remaining six and 12-month paper, leaving 1,118 billion lire
unassigned.
    The bills replace maturing paper worth 23,442 billion lire,
of which 20,321 billion lire is in the hands of market
operators and the remainder with the Bank of Italy.
 REUTER

Alex Brown and Sons Inc said an
Americus Trust for Merck and Co Inc shares was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Merck common stock tendered into an Americus Trust is
converted into trust units on a one-share-for-one-unit basis.
    Units may then be broken into their prime and score
components and traded separately.
    The prime entitles the holder to dividend payments and to
any stock price increase up to a limit of 200 dlrs for Merck
shares. The score components entitles holders to profit from
future price increases above 200 dlrs, it said.
 Reuter

Real estate magnate Donald Trump told
UAL Inc Chairman Richard Ferris that he was interested in UAL
stock as an investment, according to a UAL executive.
    Trump, who was unavailable for comment, is believed by
market sources to have a sizeable position in UAL, which he
began accumulating several weeks ago. UAL stock today was up
three at 63 in active trading.
    "They (ferris and Trump) talked last week. Apparently,
Trump said he was interested in it as an investment. He didn't
say how much stock he had. He didn't say what he would or
wouldn't do about it," said UAL senior vice president Kurt
Stocker.
    Trump is believed to have close to five pct of UAL's stock,
market sources said.
 Reuter

Shr 25 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 4,798,000 vs 5,380,000
    Revs 65.3 mln vs 58.2 mln 
    Avg shrs 19.2 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 84 cts vs 89 cts
    Net 15,750,000 vs 15,191,000
    Revs 262.1 mln vs 215.8 mln
    Avg shrs 18.8 mln vs 17.1 mln

 Reuter

ImmunoGenetics Inc said it has
entered the liposome technology field through its majority
owned subsidiary, Molecular Packaging Systems Inc.
    Liposomes are small sacks of lipid, or fat, membranes
arranged in layers like an onion. These sacks can carry a
variety of agents that are released over a period of time into
the body as the onion-like layers break down.
    It said Molecular has developed a versatile low-cost method
for encapsulating a broad range of health care and industrial
products, including human hemoglobin which transports oxygen in
the blood.
    Immunogenetics also said Molecular's liposomes, called
Micropak, can carry more than five times the amount of
particles than conventional liposomes.
    The company also said its technology for encapsulating
hemoglobin may prove helpful in preventing the spread of
hepatitis and the AIDS virus in blood transfusions as all
viruses and foreign agents are moved during preparation of the
hemogloblin.
 Reuter

Pacific Gas and Electric Co said
it will ask the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to change
federal regulations requiring the utility to buy electricity
from unregulated private producers.
    Prices paid for this power under long term contracts signed
before last year's fall in world oil prices now are more than
twice as high as the actual value of the electricity, Pacific
Gas said.
    Under the 1978 Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act
utilities are required to buy electricity from cogeneration
facilities, which produce both steam and electricity.
    Since 1980, Pacific Gas has signed power purchase
agreements, required by the law, with long-term price
guarantees for more than 8,480 megawatts of capacity from
private producers, the company said.
    About 1,870 MW of that capacity is already on line, and
accounted for about eight pct of the company's total energy
sales in 1986, Pacific Gas said.
    The company said it will ask FERC to amend the rules
requiring purchase of this power so that the price paid for the
electricity reflects current market values, and that utilities
be required to buy only electricity needed in the near term.
    Contracts with cogeneration and other small power projects
could cost Pacific Gas' consumers as much as 857 mln dlrs
annually by 1990, the company said.
    The 857 mln dlrs represents the difference between what
Pacific Gas would pay for power from private producers and the
cost to the company to produce the power on its own or buy it
elsewhere, Pacific Gas said.
 Reuter

Southwest Forest Industries said
union workers at its Snowflake, Ariz., pulp and paper mill
ratified a new three-year contract, ending a strike that halted
production at the facility on March 17.
    The new contract with the United Paperworkers International
and International Brotherhood of Electrical workers provides
for a wage and benefit increase of about three pct over three
years and increased employee contributions to health care
premiums, Southwest said.
    The mill, which has an annual capacity of some 282,000 tons
of newsprint and 159,000 tons of linerboard, is scheduled to
resume production on March 26, the company also said.
 Reuter


******ENCOR ENERGY CORP PLANS 125 MLN DLR DEBENTURE OFFER
Blah blah blah.



Emerson Radio Corp said it
has sold 33 mln dlrs of 8-3/8 pct senior notes due 1997 to
institutional investors.
    The company said prepayment provisions will make the
average life about seven years.  It said funds will be used to
help finance growth.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
raised Consumers Power's senior debt to BBB-minus from BB-plus
and its subordinated debt to BB-plus from BB-minus.
    The rating agency also affirmed Consumers Power's BB-minus
preferred stock and B-rated preference stock. The utility has
about 3.3 billion dlrs of debt outstanding.
    S and P cited rate relief stabilization in 1985, bank debt
restructuring and the implementation of cash conservation
measures.
    Plans to retire or refinance high-cost debt should improve
the company's credit quality, S and P added.
 Reuter

Oak Industries said it will
commence an exhcange offer for any or all of certain of its
debentures and notes.
    It said it is offering to exchange 660 shares of common
stock for each 1,000-dlr principal amount of its 4,139,000 dlrs
of outstanding 11-5/8 pct notes due September 15, 1990.
    It will also exchange 698 shares of common for each
1,000-dlr principal amount of 5,557,000 dlrs of outstanding
13-1/2 pct senior notes due May 15, 1990 and 612 common shares
for each 1000 dlrs of its 12,788,000 dlrs in 9-5/8 pct
convertible notes due September 15, 1991.
    The company said it is also offering 678 common shares for
each 1,000 dlrs of its 753,000 dlrs of outstanding 11-7/8 pct
subordinated debentures due May 15, 1998 and 595 common shares
for each 1,000 dlrs principal amount of its 6,572,000 dlrs of
10-1/2 pct convertible subordinated debentures due Feb 1, 2002.
    Oak said it will not make any cash payments to the
tendering holders.
    It said the common stock amounts have taken into account
accrued interest on the notes and debentures.
 Reuter

Combustion Engineering Inc said
it expects first quarter earnings to be 20 to 25 pct below the
year-ago 13.6 mln dlrs, mainly due to financing costs resulting
from the January 1987 acquisition of AccuRay Corp.
    The company said it has filed for an offering of four mln
common shares and 150 mln dlrs of subordinated debentures due
2017, with proceeds to be used to refinance the short-term bank
debt incurred for the AccuRay acquisition, to finance other
costs of the transaction and for general corporate purposes.
    Combustion said 3,500,000 shares will be sold in the U.S.
and the remainder overseas.
    Combustion paid about 218 mln dlrs for AccuRay, a maker of
computer-based measurement and control systems used in pulp and
paper mills.
    The company said it expects to release first quarter
results in the third week in April.
    Combustion said it expects further restructuring of core
businesses -- particularly Lummus Crest -- this year through
staff reductions downsizings and the consolidation of
facilities.
    Combustion said the restructuring at Lummus Crest is
expected to substantially reduce but not eliminate this year
losses in the Engineering and Construction segment.
    But it said improvement at Lummus Crest is expected to be
approximately offset by a number of factors, including a
somewhat lower level of earnings in the Power Generation
segment than in 1986, financing costs of the AccuRay
acquisition, costs associated with integrating AccuRay
technology and operations and delays in waste to energy
projects.
 Reuter


ARDEN INTERNATIONAL &lt;AIKI> =2 LARKVILLE
    NOTE: 1985 period ended December 28
    Earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations of
30,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 71,000 dlrs, or three cts a
share for the year
    Earnings exclude gains from tax loss carryforwards of
13,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 45,000 dlrs, or two cts a
share in the quarter and 28,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs
105,000 dlrs, or four cts a share for the year
 Reuter




CORRECTION - LONDON - CITIBANK LAUNCHES WARRANTS
    In London item "Citibank Launches Currency Warrants" please
read second paragraph as follows
    "Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs against marks at
1.8250 marks to the dollar or at 149.50 yen to the dollar
between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989."
    (Corrects dollar/mark exchange rate to 1.8250 and makes
clear that dollar purchase is against marks or yen.)
 REUTER



Columbia Gas System Inc said a
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission decision today on natural
gas cost recovery could reduce its 1987 earnings by about 1.25
dlrs a share.
    The company said "this could bring earnings for 1987 below
Columbia's stated goal of earning no less than its 3.18 dlrs
per share dividend." It earned 2.12 dlrs a share in 1986.
    It said management expects to recommend to the board that
the dividend rate be maintained in 1987.
    Columbia Gas said the impact of the FERC decision may be
offset by a one-time accounting change rleated to future tax
liabilities under the new federal tax laws.
    The company recorded these liabilities based on older,
higher tax rates, but an action being considered by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board could result in a gain of
about 1.20 dlrs a share in 1987, it explained.
    "Thus there is a good chance that we will attain our 1987
earnings goal -- although not in the way originally planned,"
Columbia Gas said.
    Columbia Gas said the FERC decision would limit the
recovery of certain gas contract costs by Columbia Gas
Transmission Corp, the company's principal pipeline subsidiary.
    It said the decision specifically excluded from a purchased
gas adjustment filing by the pipeline costs related to
amortizing payments made to producers to reform gas purchase
contracts. These were excluded on the grounds the subsidiary
failed to sufficiently support cost recovery.
    The company said its subsidiary is not precluded from
making a new filing to provide sufficient support.
 Reuter

Medar Inc said it
changed the end of its fiscal year to December 31 from March
31.
    The company, in reporting its annual results, said the
change was made to bring its financial reporting in phase with
the order cycle of its major customers.
    Medar earlier said it lost 558,800 dlrs in its final 1986
quarter, compared to a loss of 469,200 dlrs in the same 1985
quarter.
 Reuter

Shr 20 cts vs 20 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 14
    Record April 30
    Note: Full name Zenith National Insurance Corp.
 Reuter

Rubbermaid Inc said it completed
the previously announced acquisitions of Viking Brush Ltd, a
Canadian maker of brushes, brooms and other cleaning aids, and
the Little Tikes' manufacturing licensee in Ireland.
    Terms were not disclosed.
    The acquisition of the Tikes' licensee is part of the
expansion of Little Tikes in the European toy market.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded six U.S. money center bank holding companies,
affecting about 13.3 billion dlrs of debt securities.
    They are Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB>, Chemical New York Corp
&lt;CHL>, Irving Bank Corp &lt;V>, Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC>,
Mellon Financial Corp &lt;MEL> and Security Pacific Corp &lt;SPC>.
    S and P said the action on Chase, Chemical, Irving and
Manufacturers primarily reflected continued vulnerability to
lesser developed countries and median financial performance.
    Standard and Poor's said its downgrade of Chemical also
reflected that holding company's acquisition of Texas Commerce
Bancshares &lt;TCB>, which was just now approved by the Federal
Reserve.
    For Mellon and Security Pacific, S and P cited higher
non-performing assets and weaker operating earnings.
    The rating agency said it completed a review, based on 1986
results, of the largest U.S. bank holding companies. It paid
special attention to reassessing the effect of exposures to
lesser developed countries on the holding companies' earnings
and capital.
    "Brazil's unilateral moratorium on debt service payments
underscored the potential for polarization between bankers and
debtor countries," S and P said.
    S and P noted that while Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and
Venezuela each face unique economic problems, the lack of
progress toward moderating their debt service burdens has been
disappointing.
    However, the agency pointed out that a substantive
improvement in the large banks' financial positions has acted
as a counter-balance to the Latin American debt situation.
    Citing increasing financial strength, S and P said it
affirmed the debt ratings of Citicorp &lt;CCI>, Bankers Trust New
York Corp &lt;BT>, Bank of Boston Corp &lt;BKB> and J.P. Morgan and
Co Inc &lt;JPM>.
    S and P noted that most U.S. bank holding companies have
what it termed easily realizable capital resources available to
them, such as undervalued real estate, appreciated portfolio
securities and overfunded pension plans.
    "Most bank managements appear committed to improving the
quality of their balance sheets," S and P said, noting many now
emphasize long-term strategies over short-term earnings.
    Standard and Poor's reduced Chase Manhattan's senior debt
to AA-minus from AA, subordinated debt to A-plus from AA-minus
and preferred stock to A from A-plus. The commercial paper of
the parent and its unit Chase Manhattan Bank of Canada were
affirmed at A-1-plus.
    Chase has 3.2 billion dlrs of debt outstanding. It has 6.4
billion dlrs of loans to Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and
Venezuela - one of the highest exposures to lesser developed
countries among U.S. money centers.
    Chase's underlying profitability remains at median levels
because of its high expense structure, S and P said.
    S and P cut Chemical's and the unit Chemical New York
N.V.'s senior debt to AA-minus from AA and subordinated debt to
A-plus from AA-minus.
    About 1.2 billion dlrs of long-term debt was affected.
    The agency cited Chemical's relatively large exposure to
Latin American borrowers, particulary Brazil and Mexico,
continued high levels of nonperforming assets and the pending
acquisition of Texas Commerce.
    Aggregate exposure to Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and
Venezuela was almost four billion dlrs at year-end 1986, or 105
pct of equity and reserves, S and P pointed out.
    Irving's senior debt was reduced to A-plus from AA-minus,
with subordinated debt and preferred stock lowered to A from
A-plus. Its commercial paper was affirmed at A-111-1plus.
    Irving has about 500 mln dlrs of debt outstanding. Its
approximately 1.4 billion dlrs of loans to the four major Latin
debtor countries account for 110 pct of year-end equity and
reserves.
    S and P downgraded Manufacturers Hanover's senior debt to A
from A-plus, subordinated debt to A-minus from A and preferred
stock to BBB-plus from A-minus but affirmed its A-1 commercial
paper. The bank has 3.8 billion dlrs of debt.
    S and P noted that Manufacturers has about 6.7 billion dlrs
of loans to the major Latin debtor nations and has experienced
weak earnings.
    However, the unit CIT Group Holdings Inc's AA-minus senior
debt and A-1-plus commercial paper were affirmed.
    The rating agency cut Mellon's senior debt to A-plus from
AA and preferred stock to A from AA-minus. It has 1.1 billion
dlrs of debt securities.
    The commercial paper programs of Mellon Bank Canada and
Mellon Australia Ltd, guaranteed by the parent company, were
lowered to A-1 from A-1-plus.
    S and P cited continued lower operating earnings and rising
nonperforming assets and charge-offs for Mellon.
    Security Pacific's 1.7 billion dlrs of debt was downgraded.
Cut were its senior debt to AA from AA-plus, and subordinated
debt and preferred stock to AA-minus from AA.
    Security Pacific Overseas Finance N.V.'s debt issues were
reduced to AA from AA-plus. Affirmed were the parent's A-1-plus
commercial paper and the BBB-rated debt of the unit Security
Pacific Financial Systems.
    These actions reflected Security Pacific's continued high
levels of nonperforming assets and charge-offs, S and P said.
 Reuter

Chemical New York Corp and Texas
Bancshares Inc &lt;TCB> said the Federal Reserve Board approved
their proposed 1.19 billion dlr merger.
    The companies also said the Securities and Exchange
Commission declared effective as of March 24 the registration
statement covering the securities Chemical will issue to Texas
Bancshares shareholders as part of the merger.
    The companies said they expect to complete the merger,
which will create a bank with 80 billion dlrs of assets, by the
end of the second quarter. The merger still requires
shareholder approval.
   
 Reuter

Blizzard conditions in parts of the
west and southwest U.S. severely stressed beef cattle and
Kansas cattlemen are reporting death losses from the storm,
according to livestock associations in the area.
    Talk among futures traders that cattle had died from the
cold and blowing snow accounted for some of the strength in
Live Cattle futures at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange today.
    "Death (of cattle) can be directly attributed to the storm,
but it's hard to get a handle on a number," Todd Domer,
director of communications for the Kansas Livestock Association
said.
    Domer noted that limited reports have been filtering in of
death losses at feedyards and from grazing and cow/calf
operations. Western Kansas was hardest hit while Eastern Kansas
only had rain, he said.
    Paul Johnston of the Nebraska Livestock Feeders Association
said, "There's no question that baby calves coming in that kind
of blizzard are probably not going to make it."
    We were having such a nice winter and the cows were out
calving before the storm hit, he added.
    The worst part of the storm came through the center of the
state. Precipitation was generally in the form of wet snow and
some feedlots are already like "soup", he said, inhibiting
cattle movements.
    The storm also had an effect on weight gain of larger
animals. Drifting snow caused problems in moving feed and mud
made it hard for cattle to reach the feed once it was
available.
    Domer noted that feedyards sources say a tremendous cutback
has occurred in feed consumption by cattle in the yards, which
may or may not lead to sickness over the next several days.
Cattle reduced daily feed consumption to about 12 lbs from 25
during the worst of the blizzard, he said.
    Mud will be more a problem as the weather breaks and snow
melts. Mud adds to stress on full-grown animals and endangers
smaller ones which can fall and be trampled in pens. The cost
of feeding rises as animals generally consume more in cold
weather, Domer said.
    Domer said it will be at least 10 days before yards get
back to normal.
    Roy Gallant, from Accu Weather Services, said that although
the worst of the storm is over, there are still some strong
gusty winds which will not diminish until tonight.
    The storm started late Sunday night in West Kansas and is
just now winding down. The storm has moved into South Dakota,
parts of Minnesota and Eastern North Dakota, he said.
    Snow accumulations from the storm totaled six to 10 inches
in most sections and 12 to 18 in a few spots before moving
north. This equals 1/2 to 1-1/2 inches of water. Drifts of four
to six feet and up to 12 feet were reported, he said.
    There's a possibility of another storm brushing that region
tomorrow night and Friday, Gallant added.
 Reuter

Shr loss 20 cts vs loss 26 cts
    Net loss 798,289 vs loss 777,667
    Rev 262,738 vs nil
    Avg shares 3,930,360 vs 2,959,029
    Year
    Shr loss 96 cts vs loss 1.25 dlrs
    Net loss 3,202,355 vs loss 3,060,407
    Rev 676,341 vs nil
    Avg shares 3,339,174 vs 2,445,423
 Reuter

The Glass-Steagall Act separating
banking and securities activities in the U.S. is all but dead
following decisions by federal and state authorities, the
chairman of Bankers Trust Co asserted.
    "There are plainly nails in the coffin of Glass-Steagall,"
Alfred Brittain said in remarks prepared for delivery to a
meeting of bank and financial analysts.
    He noted the Federal Reserve Board is due to decide Bankers
Trust's application for a subsidiary that can underwrite
certain securities.
    Brittain said New York State bank regulators have welcomed
applications for affiliates of New York-chartered banks which
could underwrite corporate securities. And he said a U.S. Court
of Appeals upheld Bankers Trust's commercial paper business.
    He said eventually the financial services industry will see
fewer but bigger companies drawn from the ranks of the present
commercial banks, investment banks and conglomerates.
    On another topic, Britain called for a redefinition of the
role of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
    "I think we should return to the original purpose of FDIC
insurance -- to protect small despositors and not depository
institutions themselves," Brittain said.
    He suggested banks be permitted to offer both insured
deposits and uninsured deposits. High quality assets would be
segregated to back up insured deposits.
    He said big banks could then fail without draining the
insurance funds. "Stockholders could be wiped out, management
rmemoved and uninsured creditors could take their fair share of
any losses," he said. But insured deposits under 100,000 dlrs
would be protected.
 Reuter


******Sumita says further yen rise would adversely affect Japanese economy
Blah blah blah.



No action has been taken yet
on the Reagan Adminstration's offer to escort Kuwaiti oil
tankers through the Gulf, but the issue is being discussed,
U.S. Secretary of Defence Caspar Weinberger said.
    The offer was made to Kuwait in light of Iran's deployment
of Chinese-built missiles to cover the entrance to the Gulf.
    Weinberger told reporters prior to a speech at Texas
Christian University that he did not think Iran and the United
States were moving towards a potential conflict, adding that
the Straits of Hormuz at the mouth of the Gulf were still "free
water."
 REUTER

 said in a
statement it increased its pretax profits in 1986 despite a
fall in turnover due to lower foreign sales.
    The lower sales were due to the fall in the dollar and
other currencies against the mark. Other factors were pressure
on selling prices because of a sharp fall in the prices of
crude oil and petrochemical raw materials and the sale of
polystyrene business in the U.S. And Netherlands.
    World group pretax profit rose to 3.21 billion marks in
1986 from 3.16 billion in 1985, with sales falling to 38.01
billion from 42.72 billion.
    Within group turnover, foreign sales fell to 27.18 billion
marks in 1986 from 31.92 billion in 1985, a drop of 14.9 pct.
    The statement made no mention of net profit figures.
Hoechst will announce its dividend proposal on April 23.
    In the first quarter of this year sales were hit by the
cold weather at the start of the year. If the dollar continues
at present low levels, 1987 sales will again be below the
previous year, although in volume terms they are unchanged from
1986, Hoechst said.
    Sales of paints and dyes, fibres, sheeting and information
technology all rose in 1986 but plant construction sales fell.
    Hoechst attributed its good results to the performance of
the parent company, other units in West Germany, and to
&lt;American Hoechst Corp>.
    Improved earnings in the U.S. Largely reflected the
restructuring of styrene and polystyrene activities.
    Roussel Uclaf &lt;RUCF.PA> and most domestic non-consolidated
partners did not perform as well as in 1985.
    Hoechst attributed the 12 pct rise in parent company pretax
profits to 1.82 billion marks above all to a rise in earnings
from interest and holdings in other companies, and a fall in
extraordinary costs.
    The fall in raw material prices was not enough to
compensate for the decline in turnover due to lower prices and
currencies, Hoechst said.
    The bulk of the 2.53 billion marks investment in new
projects, up from 294 mln marks in 1985, went on the capital
increase of Hoechst Capital Corp in connection with the
acquisition of &lt;Celanese Corp>.
    Celanese was merged with American Hoechst in February to
form &lt;Hoechst Celanese Corp>.
 REUTER

Australia's largest company, The Broken
Hill Pty Co Ltd &lt;BRKN.S> (BHP), is expected to report a net
profit of around 600 mln to 620 mln dlrs tomorrow for the first
nine months ended February 28, share analysts polled by Reuters
said.
    This would be well below the 813.0 mln dlrs earned in the
first three quarters of 1985/86. In the full year ended May 31
1986 the group earned a record 988.2 mln dlrs.
    The analysts estimated that the group would report a third
quarter net in the region of 200 mln to 220 mln dlrs, against
238.6 mln a year earlier and 220.3 mln in the second quarter.
    BHP's earnings in the first half ended November 30 amounted
to 397.0 mln dlrs, sharply down from 589.3 mln a year earlier.
    The analysts predicted that BHP will report an upturn in
petroleum earnings compared with the first quarter, reflecting
some improvement in crude oil prices from the Bass Strait
fields, but these gains would be offset by lower mineral and
steel earnings.
    They said the mineral group has been hit by lower coal
prices and shipments to Japan while the steel division has been
affected by industrial and production problems.
    The analysts noted that the third quarter is normally BHP's
lowest-earning period owing to a number of seasonal factors,
and they predicted a sharp rise in fourth quarter net to around
300 mln dlrs.
    One key factor in the fourth quarter is expected to be a
tax break of some 70 mln dlrs for the investment allowance on
capital expenditure in the steel division, they said.
    They said they saw BHP's full year earnings at around 900
mln to 920 mln dlrs. They added that such a decline from
1985/86 would be no surprise, noting BHP has said that it would
be difficult to equal its record 1985/86 net profit.
 REUTER

The Nordic Investment Bank is issuing a
zero coupon 100 mln Australian dlr bond due April 24, 1992
priced at 53-1/2 pct for an effective yield at launch of 13.33
pct, lead manager Chemical Bank International Ltd said.
    The bond will be available in denominations of 1,000 and
10,000 dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise 3/4 pct selling concession and 1/2 pct for
management and underwriting.
 REUTER

Eurofima of Basle is launching 40 mln
Swiss francs of six year notes with a 4-3/8 pct coupon and
100.25 issue price, lead manager Zurich Cantonal Bank said.
    Payment is due April 22.
 REUTER

AIM Telephones Inc said it has
sold three mln dlrs of nine pct seven-year subordinated notes
to principal shareholder &lt;Quince Associates>.
    The company said it has also issued Quince seven-year
warrants to buy 500,000 common shares at six dlrs each.
 Reuter

Euratom is issuing a 145 mln ECU
eurobond due April 24, 1997, paying 7-3/8 pct and priced at
101-1/8 pct, lead manager Banque Paribas Capital Markets said.
    The bond will be available in denominations of 1,000 and
10,000 ECU and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise 1-3/8 selling concession and 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined.
    A Paribas official said Euratom had timed the issue to
coincide with the 30th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome.
 Reuter

Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter

Brazil's labour unrest is spreading,
with many banks, universities and government statistical
offices on strike and more pay disputes looming.
    Bankworkers' leaders said that a national strike launched
yesterday to press for a 100 pct immediate pay rise and monthly
salary adjustments had the support of most of the 700,000
workforce.
    The strike today closed the stock exchanges of Sao Paulo
and Rio de Janeiro.
    For the government the one positive development on the
labour front was the gradual return to work of the nation's
40,000 seamen, who began a national strike on February 27.
    A union spokesman in Rio de Janeiro told Reuters about half
the seamen had returned to work after accords with 22 companies
and that the strike looked close to an end.
    Otherwise the labour scene looked bleak, with the bank
strike posing the most serious problems for Brazil's
crisis-laden economy.
    "If this goes on for more than a few days it will have a
serious effect because normal financial operations will grind
to a halt," said a western diplomat in Sao Paulo.
    Today Brazil's 50,000 university teachers in the 42 federal
universities launched a national strike, with a broad political
demand as well as a pay claim.
    David Fleischer, head of the political science department
in Brasilia university, told Reuters the National Association
of Higher Education Teachers wanted a full congressional
inquiry into what had happened to government education funds.
    He said the universities were strapped for cash and that
the association suspected the junior partner in the coalition
government, the Liberal Front Party, PFL, of using education
funds for projects which had helped their candidates in
elections. The PFL holds the Education Ministry.
    Hardly any sectors of the economy are proving immune to the
current labour unrest, caused by the return of high inflation,
officially pegged at 33 pct for January-February.
    Other possible strikes looming include stoppages by oil
industry workers and social security workers.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES WILL REDUCE TRADE DEFICIT THIS YEAR
Blah blah blah.



Earthquake-stricken Ecuador is
negotiating with Nigeria to have the African country lend it
10,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude for export, Deputy Energy
Minister Fernando Santos Alvite told Reuters.
    He said Ecuador was negotiating a shipments schedule and
the terms of repaying the loan. Ecuador has suspended crude
exports for about five months until it repairs a pipeline
ruputured by a March five tremor.
    Santos Alvite added Ecuador is finalizing details for a
program under which Venezuela would temporarily lend the
country 50,000 bpd for export.
 Reuter

Shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Net profit 53,040 vs loss 255,568
    Rev 2,252,246 vs 755,605
    Six months
    Shr profit three cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 217,884 vs loss 517,538
    Rev 4.9 mln vs 1.6 mln
    NOTE: Company's full name is Chemfix Technologies Inc.
 Reuter

The Federal National Mortgage
Association said it will begin purchasing 10 and 20-year fixed
rate mortgages in addition to 15 and 30 year mortgages.
    It said the new intermediate term mortgage purchase
programs are designed to offer home buyers more home financing
flexibility.
    Edward J. Pinto, FNMA's Senior Vice President, said
intermediate term mortgages offer "lower interest rates,
substantial interest savings, lower inflation rates and, in
many cases, faster equity build-up" than longer-term mortgages.
 Reuter

Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco
Silva said Portugal would hand back Macao to China on December
20, 1999, but added the existing political, economic and social
system there would be maintained until the year 2050.
    Cavaco Silva, speaking on national television hours before
the initialling in Peking of an agreement on the handover, said
that under the accord Macao would be a special administrative
region of China and would have a large measure of autonomy.
    Under the accord, Portuguese administration of the
territory would end on December 20, 1999 but the existing
system there would be maintained until the year 2050, Cavaco
Silva said.
    "The existing way of life in Macao, the Portuguese laws,
basically our political, economic and social system, will
remain in force for a further 63 years from now," he said.
    Cavaco Silva said he would go to Peking in the first half
of next month to formally sign the agreement with China, which
would then be submitted to Portugal's parliament for approval.
    Cavaco Silva said that after Portuguese administration of
Macao formally ended in 1999, the future government of the
territory would enjoy complete autonomy except in the areas of
defence and foreign relations. It would however be able to make
economic, trade and finance agreements with other countries.
    The head of government would be named on the basis of
elections held for the post.
    Macao would have an elected legislative assembly and an
independent judiciary. There would be religious freedom, a free
press and freedom of expression. The Portuguese language could
continue to be used in the government, assembly and courts.
    Cavaco Silva said the current financial system would
continue after the year 2000. The existing banks and freedom of
capital movements would be maintained as would the
convertibility of the pataca as the territory's monetary unit
and the legal protection of foreign investment.
    Only the Macao government would be able to collect taxes.
    Cavaco Silva said that those among Macao's 400,000
population who held Portuguese nationality on the date of the
handover would thereafter continue to be able to use their
Portuguese passports and their nationality rights.
    The nationality issue had been one of the points of
disagreement in the complex handover talks.
    The special administrative status to be granted to Macao
after its handover mirrors a similar accord for the nearby
British colony of Hong Kong, which reverts back to Chinese rule
in 1997 under a 1984 Sino-British agreement.
 Reuter

Shr 32 cts vs nil
    Net 1.2 mln vs 100,000
    Avg shrs 3,692,000 vs 3,148,000
    Year
    Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 54 cts
    Net 3.7 mln vs 800,000
    Avg shrs 3,607,000 vs 1,461,000
    Note: Net is after depreciation.
    Full name is Consolidated Captial Income Opportunity
Trust/2.
 Reuter

President Jose Sarney rejected calls
from foreign creditors and from some Brazilian businessmen that
the government talk to the International Monetary Fund.
    In a speech to about 3,000 mayors and local officials,
Sarney reiterated that the government would not accept any
monitoring of its economy by the IMF.
    He said, "We are going to struggle with courage for Brazil
and its growth. For this reason I have said that Brazil will
accept no monitoring by the IMF."
    In highly-publicized talks with Sarney near Sao Paulo last
Saturday, several Brazilian business leaders said they favoured
a return to the IMF, arguing that it would make debt
negotiations easier and bring new money into the country.
 Reuter

Japan's video tape recorder (VTR) exports
fell to 1.73 mln sets in February from 2.01 mln a year earlier
for the fourth successive year-on-year drop, Finance Ministry
customs-cleared export statistics show.
    But February exports were up from 1.34 mln in January.
    Cumulative exports in the first two months of 1987 totalled
3.07 mln sets against 3.73 mln a year earlier.
    Exports to the U.S. Fell to one mln sets in February from
1.26 mln a year earlier, and those to the European Community
(EC) fell to 232,275 from 263,009.
    In the EC total, shipments to West Germany fell to 97,633
from 100,218 a year earlier and those to the U.K. Fell to
32,652 from 53,020.
    Colour television exports fell to 343,315 sets in February
from 416,832 a year earlier for the 16th consecutive
year-on-year drop, bringing cumulative exports so far this year
to 588,720 against 769,874 a year earlier.
    February exports compared with 245,405 in January.
    Exports to the U.S. Fell to 1.01 mln sets from 1.12 mln a
year earlier and those to the EC fell to 33,763 from 67,955.
Shipments to China fell to 39,858 from 53,925.
 REUTER

Hong Kong's government has long kept
intervention in the economy to a minimum in the belief that
when it comes to business, businessmen generally know best.
    But the government is slowly being forced to take a more
active economic role, partly to face the challenge from fast
growing economies like South Korea and Taiwan and economic
powerhouse Japan, businessmen said.
    The government announced this month it will spend six mln
H.K. Dlrs over the next two years to encourage electronics
firms to send engineers for training overseas.
    The engineers will learn design of application specific
integrated circuits (ASIC) used in products ranging from
personal computers to high-technology toys that talk.
    The government has funded vocational training before but
this will be its first such program aimed at bringing back
advanced technology from overseas.
    Government officials told Reuters that other areas in the
electronics sector are being considered for similar treatment.
    Hong Kong's key electronics industry last year accounted
for exports of 61 billion H.K. Dlrs, though the total includes
sales of electrical machinery and other items.
    Officials said that this key sector, second only to
textiles in terms of exports, needs high technologies already
available in neighbouring economies if it is to compete.
    "Belatedly, we realize there are some technologies which
can't be taught here," said K.Y. Yeung, Director of Industry.
    A study by U.S. Research firm Dataquest Inc last year
showed that Hong Kong's share of U.S. Consumer electronic
imports had fallen to 3.5 pct in 1985 from 6.4 pct in 1983.
    South Korea, Taiwan and Japan all take a more active role
in guiding economic development and policy makers are worried
that perhaps some assistance -- albeit limited -- is needed.
    "This is perceived to be an area of development for Hong
Kong," said Lawrence Mills, director-general of the Federation
of Hong Kong Industries. "Many industrialists think government
should be more actively concerned with this area."
    Hong Kong likes to call its policy "positive
non-intervention," meaning that it helps industry mainly by
maintaining economic stability and ensuring that needed roads
and harbour facilities are in place.
    It offers no special tax incentives for foreign investors,
believing that its low corporate profits tax of 18 pct and
personal income tax of 16.5 pct are sufficient.
    But the government has been forced to gradually take a more
active role in the economy. In the last three years it has
stepped in to aid seven problem banks, taking over three of
them, to protect depositors whose funds were not insured.
    It has also expanded the powers of its banking and
securities commissions to police these key economic sectors.
    Industry officials said manufacturers need help acquiring
expensive new technology, especially when returns on investment
are years away. "This is only a small start but it will help
make this technology more readily available," said an engineer
with a major U.S. Electronics firm in Hong Kong.
    Texas Instruments Inc &lt;TXN> and Motorola Inc &lt;MOT> of the
U.S. And Japan's Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T> already conduct ASIC
design work in Hong Kong, while a handful of firms have
committed funds for capital-intensive production.
    Under the industry department program, companies would be
funded to train engineers overseas but those employees would be
required to apply their new skills locally for an as yet
unspecified period.
    "We want to promote ASIC design and eventually production in
Hong Kong," said Yeung of the Industry Department.
    Some industrialists said it will take more than a training
program to keep electronics manufacturers competitive in the
years ahead. Government officials said most manufacturers in
the industry are small scale, employing fewer than 100 people.
    These firms will not be able to afford expensive technology
development programs, industry officials said.
    The program has raised concerns that government may one day
veer too far from its policy of minimal intervention. "They've
reached the right decision," said Mills of the Federation of
Industries. "But the fear (among some firms) is it might be a
slippery slope towards interference."
 REUTER

Year ended December 31.
    World group pretax profit 3.21 billion marks vs 3.16
billion.
    Turnover 38.01 billion marks vs 42.72 billion.
    World group turnover comprised domestic sales 10.83 billion
vs 10.80 billion, foreign sales 27.18 billion vs 31.92 billion.
    Parent pretax profit 1.82 billion marks vs 1.62 billion.
    Turnover 14.09 billion vs 15.35 billion.
    Parent turnover comprised domestic sales 6.47 billion vs
6.84 billion, foreign sales 7.62 billion vs 8.51 billion.
    Parent investment in fixed assets 960 mln marks vs 831 mln.
    Depreciation of fixed assets 935 mln marks vs 847 mln.
    Investment in new participations 2.53 billion marks vs 294
mln.
 REUTER


******Danish overnight money market rate cut to 10 pct from 10.5 - central bank
Blah blah blah.



Shr 22.9p vs 26.9p.
    Interim div 2.6p vs same.
    Pre-tax profit 40.0 mln stg vs 38.0 mln.
    Net profit before minorities 29.6 mln vs 30.9 mln.
    Turnover 825.0 mln vs 791.6 mln.
    Trading profit 52.8 mln stg vs 52.5 mln.
    Related companies profit 3.1 mln vs 1.4 mln.
    Interest payable 12.3 mln vs 14.6 mln.
    Reorganisation and redundancy costs 3.6 mln vs 1.3 mln.
    Tax 10.4 mln vs 7.1 mln.
    Minorities 1.5 mln vs 2.4 mln.
    Extraordinary charges 1.3 mln vs 34.2 mln.
 REUTER

West Germany's current account
surplus widened to a provisional 6.6 billion marks in February
from a slightly downwards revised 4.8 billion in January, a
spokeswoman for the Federal Statistics Office said.
    The trade surplus in February widened to a provisional 10.4
billion marks from 7.2 billion in January, she added.
    The Statistics Office had originally put the January
current account surplus at 4.9 billion marks.
    The February trade surplus was well up on the 6.84 billion
mark surplus posted in the same month of 1986. But the current
account surplus was down slightly from the 6.85 billion surplus
recorded in February 1986.
    A Statistics Office statement said the widening of the
February current account surplus compared with January was due
to seasonal factors. Neither the trade nor current account
figures are seasonally adjusted.
    February imports, measured in terms of value, totalled
32.11 billion marks, a decline of 10 pct against February 1986
but a rise of 5.5 pct against January.
    Exports in February, also in value terms, totalled 42.56
billion marks, 0.5 pct less than in February 1986 but up 13 pct
compared with January.
    The Statistics Office said it was not yet able to calculate
the real change in exports and imports in February. But for
comparison purposes it noted that in January the average value
of imports had fallen 15 pct year-on-year while the average
value of exports had declined by only 4.4 pct.
    Within the current account, the services account had 300
mln marks deficit, supplementary trade items a 200 mln mark
surplus while transfer payments posted a 3.7 billion mark
deficit.
    Taking the first two months of 1987 together, imports in
value terms fell 14 pct to 62.6 billion marks compared with a
year earlier. The value of exports totalled 80.2 billion marks,
a decline of 7.4 pct against the same months of 1986.
    The resulting trade surplus of 17.6 billion marks for
January/February compares with a cumulative surplus of 14.1
billion marks in the year-ago period.
    The cumulative current account surplus for January and
February 1987 totalled 11.3 billion marks against 11.4 billion
marks a year earlier, the Statistics Office said.
    Bank economists said the rise in the February trade surplus
reflected an improvement in the terms of trade as well as
seasonal factors. The Federal Statistics Office said earlier
this week that February import prices fell 0.7 pct against
January while export prices were unchanged.
    "The rise in the nominal figures masks a lower export trend
that is not expected to change for several months at least,"
said an economist. He said the nominal trade surplus for 1987
as a whole is likely to fall only slightly from the record
112.2 billion marks in 1986 but other economists said the
surplus could fall to around 80 billion marks.
    An economist at the Bank fuer Gemeinwirtschaft (BfG) in
Frankfurt said a two-month comparison of trade figures gave a
more accurate picture of West Germany's trade position.
    He noted the 17.6 billion mark surplus for January and
February together was lower than the 21.6 billion mark surplus
posted in November and December.
    "The trend is clearly lower," he said.
    This economist, who declined to be named, said the February
rise was also partly explained by special factors in January,
when there had been a number of public holidays as well as
extremely cold weather, both of which hindered trade.
 REUTER

Treasurer Paul Keating forecast
economic growth at slightly under two pct in the financial year
ending June this year, down from the 2.25 pct forecast
contained in the 1986/87 budget delivered last August.
    Australia's terms of trade also fell, by 18 pct, over the
past two years, he told Parliament. Terms of trade are the
difference between import and export price indexes.
    Despite the figures, the budget forecast of about 1.75 pct
annual growth in employment would be met, Keating said.
    Unemployment is currently at 8.2 pct of the workforce.
    "This government is dragging Australia through a trading
holocaust the kind of which we have not seen since the Second
World War," Keating said.
    "We are not pushing this place into a recession. We are not
only holding our gains on unemployment, we are bringing
unemployment down," he said, adding that the government had help
the country avoid recession.
 REUTER

Messidor Ltd said it signed a letter
of intent to acquire 100 pct of the outstanding shares of
Triton Beleggineng Nederland B.V., a European investment
portfolio management company.
    If approved, two mln shares of stock held by the Messidor
Ltd officers and directors would be issued to Triton
shareholders.
    Triton will become a subsidiary of Messidor, it said.
    If approved, the president of Triton, Hendrik Bokma, will
be nominated as chairman of the combined company.
    There are about 1.5 mln Messidor units issued to the public
consisting of one share of common stock, four Class A common
stock warrants, four class B common stock warrants and four
class C common stock warrants.
    In addition there are four mln restricted shares
outstanding.
    Messidor said the acquisition is expected to be completed
by June three.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
the meeting last month in Paris in which finance ministers
agreed to keep the dollar at current levels showed that the
economic cooperation process was working.
    He said that at that meeting the surplus countries
committed themselves to strengthening their growth prospects,
while the deficit countries agreed to reduce their domestic
imbalances.
    For its part, he said the United States must press forward
with reductions in the federal budget deficit and must continue
to oppose protectionist pressures.
 Reuter

Three men were charged today with
operating a large tax fraud scheme that provided more than 500
mln dlrs in phony tax losses for many prominent people,
including CBS Inc. &lt;CBS> president Laurence Tisch and his
brother Preston, who is President Reagan's postmaster general.
    The indictment was handed down by a federal grand jury to
in New York.
    The three indicted were named as Charles Atkins, William
Hack and Ernest Grunebaum, all well-known promoters of tax
shelters. Atkins was well-known as an organizer of tax shelters
in the late 1970s and early 1980.
    The indictment said that between 1978 and 1983, the
defendants conspired to defraud the government by arranging
"rigged and fraudulent" transactions in governmenmt securities
and false tax deductions based on phony trading losses and
interest expenses.
    More than 350 mln dlrs in false deductions were passed on
to partners in three tax shelters.
    In addition, the defendants sold over 200 mln dlrs in phony
trading losses and interest expenses to other entities and
individuals to be used as tax deductions.
    The indictment said that over 1.1 billion dlrs in trading
losses and interest expenses were generated by the scheme but
were off-set by "fictious gains."
    Laurence Tisch was said by the indictment to have reported
a net loss of 1.1 mln dlrs. His brother, Preston Tisch,
reported a loss of 480,000 dlrs.
    None of the three men's clients were charged with any
criminal acts. But should the three be found guilty, their
clients will be required to pay taxes they originally avoided
through the tax shelter scheme, plus interest and possibly
penalties. 
 Reuter

Alabama has advanced from a Class B
to a Class A rating in the eradication of cattle brucellosis
program, thus relieving some restrictions in the interstate
movement of cattle from the state, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    To qualify for a Class A rating, a state must keep its herd
infection rate at or below 0.25 pct for 12 months.
    The change in Alabama's classification reduces the testing
and identification requirements for cattle moved interstate for
breeding purposes, to immediate slaughter or to quarantined
feedlots, USDA said.
    Brucellosis is an infectious bacterial disease that causes
abortion, reduced fertility and lower milk yields in cattle, it
noted.
 Reuter

Texaco Inc's oil and gas reserves
declined in 1986 despite reduced production and upward
revisions in the company's previous reserve estimates, its
annual report said.
    The statement of the report's auditor was qualified -- as
was the previous one -- because of the unkonwn final impact of
the judgement won by Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> against Texaco on
charges Texaco interfered with Pannzoil's contract to acquire
Getty Oil Co.
    The auditor's point out, as Texaco has in the past, the
company's loss of any of several pending court decisions in
this case could cause it "to face prospects such as having to
seek protection of its assets and business pursuant to the
bankruptcy and reorganization provisions of Chapter 11" of the
federal bankruptcy code.
    Commenting on a Texas Court of Appeals ruling which reduced
Pennzoil's judgement by two billion dlrs, to 9.1 billion dlrs,
Texaco said it will file a motion for a rehearing by the
appeals court no later than March 30.
    Texaco said the proven crude oil reserves of the company
and its consolidated subsidiaries totaled 2.54 billion barrels
at the end of 1986, down from 2.69 billion a year earlier.
    However, inclusion of Texaco's equity in the Eastern
Hemisphere reserves of a nonsubsidiary company limited the
decline to 2.91 billion barrels from 3.00 billion at the end of
1985.
    Worldwide production by the consolidated subsidiaries
declined to 341 mln barrels last year from 362 mln in 1985 and
upward revisions in previous reserve estimates rose to 143 mln
barrels from 117 mln, respectively.
    Texaco said the largest drop in reserves came in the United
States -- where the total dropped to 1.46 billion barrels from
1.55 billion.
    The company said U.S. liquids production averaged 660,000
barrels per day last year, down from 714,000 in 1985, with
about 44 pct of the decline -- some 24,000 barrels per day --
representing high-cost production shut-in or curtailed in
response to the decline in crude oil prices during 1986.
    Texaco said its natural gas reserves totaled 8.16 trillion
cubic feet at year end, down from 8.87 trillion cubic feet at
the end of 1985.
 Reuter

Xylogics Inc is making an initial
public offering of 1,089,300 shares of common stock at 16 dlrs
a share, co-managing underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc and
Cowen and Co said.
    Of the shares being offered, 750,000 are being sold by the
company and the rest by selling shareholders. The company has
granted the underwriters an over-allotment to buy up to 150,000
more shares.
    Proceeds to the company will be used to acquire automated
manufacturing, testing and engineering equipment, to finance
facilities expansion, for working capital and general corporate
purposes.
    The company makes controllers that manage data flow between
computers and peripherals.
 Reuter


******EIA SAYS DISTILLATE STOCKS OFF 3.2 MLN BBLS, GASOLINE UP 2.2 MLN, CRUDE UP 7.5 MLN
Blah blah blah.



Shr profit 25 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 3,433,000 vs loss 1,310,000
    Revs 37.1 mln vs 39.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 28 cts vs profit 27 cts
    Net profit 3,883,000 vs profit 3,908,000
    Revs 133.2 mln vs 132.0 mln
    Avg shrs 13.8 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Note: Current net includes gain on sale of 31 inns of
7,719,000 dlrs for qtr and 7,975,000 dlrs for nine mths.
 Reuter

The Semiconductor Industry
Association urged the U.S. government to impose trade sanctions
against Japan for violating the U.S.-Japan Semiconductor Trade
Agreement.
    In a letter to Treasury Secretary James Baker the group
said sanctions should be imposed against Japanese chipmakers as
of April 1 and should continue until the United States is
satisfied that there is full compliance with the agreement.
    The group said action by Japan to cut back on semiconductor
exports is not what is required.
    "America's interests require that agreements be honored and
that U.S. industries not bear the burden for the persistent
unwillingness or inability of the government of Japan to
deliver on its commitments," the trade group said.
    The White House Economic Policy Council is expected to
discuss possible sanctions against Japan at a meeting scheduled
for Thursday.
    The trade group said Japan has not lived up to the terms of
the agreement last year which was aimed at ending Japanese
dumping of semiconductors and at opening Japanese markets to
foreign-based manufacturers.
 Reuter

The House Banking Committee adopted
legislation to direct the U.S. Treasury to begin negotiations
aimed at seeking regular adjustment of exchange rates by  
countries such as Taiwan and South Korea, whose currencies are
pegged to the value of the U.S. dollar.
    The measure was adopted as part of a wide-ranging trade
bill that will be considered by the full House in April before
it moves on to the Senate.
    The bill's many provisions also set as a priority for the
U.S. the negotiation of stable exchange rates and urge
government intervention as necessary to offset fluctuations.
    In addition, the Banking Committee bill would authorize
U.S. banks to use a variety of means to deal with the debt
problems of developing countries, such as lowering interest
rates on existing debt, renegotiating loans or debt
forgiveness. The bill would give a blanket waiver of any
federal banking regulations that bar such actions.
    The bill would direct Treasury Secretary James Baker to
discuss with debt-ridden developing countries the possibility
of the U.S. setting up a public debt management agency that
would purchase their debt at a discount and negotiate the
restructuring of the debt.
    The Banking bill authorizes U.S. participation in a
multilateral investment guarantee agency (MIGA) as requested by
the administration. Congress would approve an initial U.S.
subscription of 22 mln dlrs.
    And, it sets up a council on industrial competitiveness
composed of industry and administration members to explore ways
to make the U.S. more competitive in world markets.
 Reuter

Congress, eager to find budget
savings, launches a review of the U.S. Agriculture Department's
generic commodity certificate program tomorrow, amid signs USDA
and the General Accounting Office, GAO, are at odds over how
much the program has cost U.S. taxpayers.
    The GAO concluded in a preliminary report last week that
payment-in-kind, or PIK, certificates cost between five and 20
pct more than cash outlays, administration officials who asked
not to be identified said.
    USDA officials, however, took issue with the report, saying
it did not take into account storage, handling and transport
savings that accrue to the government. The GAO then decided to
re-examine the costs, sources said.
    The issue is an important one, because congressional budget
committees are known to be considering limiting the use of
certificates as a means of cutting spending.
    Agriculture Under Secretary Daniel Amstutz and GAO Senior
Associate Director Brian Crowley are set to testify before the
Senate Agriculture Committee tomorrow.
    Amstutz is expected to tell the committee that there are
uncertainties in determining the cost of certificates compared
to cash outlays, and that savings to the Commodity Credit Corp,
CCC, almost equal costs, department sources said.
    USDA estimates that it costs the government about 75 cents
to store, handle and transport each bushel of commodity put in
government storage.
    It was unclear whether the GAO, Congress' investigative
arm, would stick by its original analysis that it costs the
government more to use certificates instead of cash in farm
price and income support programs, Reagan administration
sources said.
    The GAO is expected to point out that use of
payment-in-kind, PIK, certificates has helped relieve tight
storage by moving grain that otherwise might not have been
sold.
    The testimony by Amstutz and GAO Senior Associate Director
Brian Crowley comes as congressional budget committees
intensify their efforts to pinpoint ways to cut the federal
budget deficit -- including considering limits on the use of
PIK certificates.
    The CCC issues dollar-denominated PIK certificates, or
certs, as a partial substitute for direct cash outlays to
farmers or cash subsidies to exporters. Certs can be used to
repay nonrecourse loans or exchanged for CCC commodities or
cash.
    Between April and December 1986, CCC issued 3.8 billion
dlrs worth of certificates, according to USDA. Up to another
6.7 billion dlrs worth could be issued between January and
August 1987, according to USDA.
    Certs can cost the government more than cash primarily
because recipients can use the certificates to pay back
government loans at levels below the loan rate.
    Eliminating this practice, called "PIK and roll," would save
the government 1.4 billion dlrs between 1988-92, according to
the Congressional Budget Office, CBO. That estimate, according
to a CBO official, was based on an assumption that certificates
cost the government about 15 pct more than cash payments.
    The Senate and House Budget Committees are known to be
considering curbs on PIK-and-roll transactions among other
savings alternatives.
    The GAO last week reached the tentative conclusion that the
estimated three billion dlrs of certificates redeemed to date
have cost the federal government between 150 mln and 600 mln
dlrs, or between five and 20 pct, more than cash outlays, one
administration official said.
    However, the GAO has decided to reassess those estimates
based in part on USDA criticism, department officials said.
    The broad range of the cost estimate is partly attributable
to the different effect certificates can have on market prices
over the course of a crop year.
    USDA's Economic Research Service, for example, has found
that between June and August last year, the 215 mln bushels of
corn exchanged for certificates lowered the price of corn by
between 35 and 45 cents per bushel.
    Between September and November, however, certificates had
only a marginal impact on corn prices, according to the ERS
study, obtained by Reuters.
 Reuter

 said 58 pct-owned &lt;The
Daily Telegraph PLC>, of London, agreed to form a joint venture
printing company in Manchester, England with &lt;News
International PLC>. Financial terms were undisclosed.
    It said the deal involved News International's acquisition
of a 50 pct stake in the Telegraph's Trafford Park Printing Ltd
subsidiary. The joint company will continue to print northern
editions of the Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph, with spare
capacity used to print The Sun and News of the World.
    The arrangement will significantly cut Telegraph costs,
Hollinger said.
 Reuter

Genova Inc said it signed a
definitive agreement for the previously announced merger with
&lt;Genova Products Inc>.
    Under the agreement, Genova Products will pay 5-3/8 dlrs a
share for the 29 pct of Genova's outstanding common shares it
does not already own.
    The company said it plans to complete the transaction,
which requires shareholder approval, by the end of March.
 Reuter

Guyana hopes to overcome its financial
problems within three to five years and is now seeking help
from donor governments, Finance Minister Carl Greenidge said.
    He said Guyana took its problems in January to the
Caribbean Group for Cooperation and Development, which includes
governments and multilateral agencies, with a view to finding a
long-term recovery plan.
    Guyana's arrears to the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
are now 70 mln dlrs and it would not be eligible for new loans
in the near future, Greenidge told Reuters during the
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) annual meeting here. MORE
    Greenidge also said a World Bank mission would visit
Georgetown this week to assess prospects for a rescue plan that
would enable Guyana to revive its economy. But he said the
government does not expect to be able to reduce its arrears
this year.
    Arrears to the IMF and the World Bank are projected to rise
to 100 mln dlrs by the end of 1987. About 90 mln dlrs of this,
equivalent to nearly half Guyana's annual exports, would be
owed to the IMF.
    "Expecting us to pay arrears is like asking a dying man to
give a pint of blood," Greenidge said.
    But Greenidge said Guyana has taken steps to reduce its
fiscal deficit, which now amounts to 65 pct of GDP. It has
increased taxes, reduced public expenditure and refinanced its
internal debt.
    He said the World Bank would meanwhile look at investment
requirements for potential export-earning projects such as gold
mining, timber, oil and kaolin.
    Because of its arrears, Guyana has been unable to draw down
a 40 mln dlr World Bank loan for a bauxite industry
rehabilitation project. Bauxite accounts for 90 mln dlrs of
exports, or 40 pct of the total.
 REUTER

The European Community (EC) considers
talks on agricultural trade reform to be inseperable from talks
on other trade reform in the present GATT round, Willy de
Clercq, external relations commissioner of the EC, said.
    He told reporters here the EC would not bow to pressure to
reach an early, seperate agreement on agricultural trade.
    He said the EC wanted to stick to the four-year schedule
agreed by members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(GATT) in Punta del Este, Uruguay, last year. That included
agricultural trade liberalisation for the first time in the
lengthy program to re-negotiate the GATT.
    Other trade issues being discussed in the current GATT
round include reform of trade in merchandise and services.
    De Clercq is on his way to China after attending a two-day
conference for 22 GATT trade ministers held in New Zealand.
    Several of those ministers criticised the EC for what they
saw as restrictive agricultural trade practices and called for
urgent reforms. U.S. Trade representative, Clayton Yeutter,
also said it was important agreement on agricultural trade
reform was reached as early as possible.
    But de Clercq said the GATT program had been reached after
long and hard negotiations, and the EC did not want changes.
    "We just want to stick to the agreement which was reached,
and that was very clear -- that the new round would be one
undertaking. It is a global negotiation with no two tracks, no
fast track, no slow track. It has just one track, the track -
and that's all," de Clercq said.
    "If you start selecting priorities, your priority is not my
priority. We say that agriculture is urgent, but it's not the
only urgent thing," he said.
    He said the Punte del Este agreement had taken eight months
to prepare and eight days of negotiations.
 REUTER

 (BNZ) shares
will be listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange next week,
probably on Tuesday, the BNZ said.
    "We look forward to the challenge of public accountability
through the open market," it said.
    BNZ, previously wholly owned by the state, issued 103 mln
shares to the public in February, or nearly 13 pct of its
capital, to raise 180.25 mln N.Z. Dlrs.
    The publicly held shares will not have voting rights.
    The government will retain 87 pct of the BNZ's capital, a
total of 800 mln ordinary shares.
 REUTER


****** BP units seek five billion dlr revolving credit to support Standard Oil tender
Blah blah blah.



One of two rival firms seeking to enter
Japan's international telecommunications market said it will
offer a stake in the company to 10 foreign firms.
    President of &lt;International Telecom Japan Inc> (ITJ), Nobuo
Ito, decline to specify what share the firms would take, but
told Reuters they would not participate in its management.
    ITJ and &lt;International Digital Communications Planning Inc>
(IDC), in which both Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L> and
Pacific Telesis Group &lt;PAC.N> own 20 pct stakes, are set to
merge into a new entity to compete against &lt;Kokusai Denshin
Denwa Co Ltd> (KDD).
    The Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications has urged the
two rival firms to merge so KDD would have only a single
competitor. The ministry has also rejected foreign management.
    Japan's law limits foreign ownership of any new
international telecommunications entrant to 33 pct, so C and
W's and Pacific's stakes could be three pct in the merged firm,
sources said. Those seeking to join are General Electric Co
&lt;GE.N>, Ford Motor Co &lt;F.N>, &lt;Citibank NA>, BankAmerica Corp
&lt;BAC.NYSE>, &lt;Shearson Lehman Bros Inc>, &lt;Saloman Brothers>,
&lt;Asia Boeing Computer Service>, Unisys Corp &lt;UIS.N>, &lt;Societe
Generale> and Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.FRA>.
    The merger plan has been criticised for excluding foreign
firms from a meaningful position in the market.
    The U.K.'s Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, U.S. Secretary
of State George Shultz, U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm
Baldrige and U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter have all
expressed such opposition.
    Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone will draft a
reply to the criticism following further discussion, a Posts
and Ministry official said.
 REUTER

The U.K. Produced 820,400 tonnes of
oilcake and meal and 431,000 tonnes of crude vegetable oil in
calendar 1986, Ministry of Agriculture figures show.
    They compare with 785,800 tonnes of oilcake and meal and
407,400 tonnes of crude vegetable oil produced in 1985.
    Total oilseeds crushed rose to 1.27 mln tonnes from 1.21
mln in 1985.
 REUTER

Austria is making a two billion
schilling issue of floating rate treasury notes carrying
interest of 1/8th of a point over the three-month Vienna
Interbank Offered Rate (VIBOR), lead manager Oesterreichische
Laenderbank AG [OLBV.VI] said.
    The issue, to be made at par, carries a placing fee of 20
basis points and will be listed in Vienna, a Laenderbank
official told Reuters.
    The issue will have an initial three-year life and the
issuer has the right to make two three-year extensions and a
further one-year extension to 1997.
    Payment and closing date is April 23 and redemption will be
on the same date at the end of each of the periods.
    The notes, in one mln schilling denominations, may not be
offered in Austria, Britain or the United States.
 REUTER


******U.K. FEB CUURENT ACCOUNT SURPLUS 376 MLN STG VS JAN SURPLUS 73 MLN - OFFICIAL.
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 2.37 dlrs
    Net loss 1,140,000 vs loss 13,608,000
    Revs 1,069,000 vs 1,940,000
    Year
    Shr loss 53 cts vs loss 2.34 dlrs
    Net loss 3,012,000 vs loss 13,433,000
    Revs 4,945,000 vs 6,705,000
 Reuter

 said
it planned an issue in Canada of 125 mln dlrs of 6.75 pct
subordinated debentures, convertible any time into Encor common
shares for a price of 10 dlrs a share.
    Encor, 48 pct-owned by Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>, said
investment dealers McLeod Young Weir Ltd and Pemberton Houston
Willoughby Bell Gouinlock Inc agreed to purchase the issue for
resale to the public.
    It said the debentures would pay interest semi-annually and
be callable after five years at par plus accrued interest.
    Encor earlier reported a 1986 net loss of 406.6 mln dlrs.
    Encor last year earned 35.4 mln dlrs. The 1986 net loss
included a 545.7 mln dlr asset writedown before a 139.2 mln dlr
recovery of deferred taxes.
    The company said 1986 results were seriously affected by
lower oil and gas prices, but did not reflect its recent
acquisition of &lt;Aberford Resources Ltd>.
    It said that while oil prices had improved in early 1987,
it would remain cautious and base capital spending on
conservative price assumptions.
    Encor will use proceeds from the debenture offer to retire
bank debt incurred in the Aberford deal, it said.
 Reuter

Stocks of tobacco companies rose
sharply as investors grew more confident that an excise tax
would not be imposed on tobacco, traders and analysts said.
    They also said the stocks are relatively inexpensive since
fear of the tax and of pending litigation regarding warning
labels for tobacco products have kept many investors away
recently.
    Philip Morris Cos &lt;MO> rose 2-5/8 to 87-3/4, RJR Nabisco
&lt;RJR> 1-1/4 to 57-1/2 and U.S. Tobacco &lt;UBO> 7/8 to 27.
    "The near-term activity of these stocks has been dominated
by external factors such as smoking restriction legislation,
concern over liability suits and the possible imposition of
excise taxes," Dean Witter analyst Lawrence Adelman said. "But
the feeling is that many of those externals have been
discounted in the price of the stocks."
    Adelman, who issued a positive recommendation on Philip
Morris earlier this week, said there have been indications that
the Reagan Administration's staunch opposition to tax hikes
would short-circuit attempts to tax tobacco.
    "The tobaccos do have more risks than regular consumer
stocks because of these external factors," Adelman said. "They
are not for the weak-hearted, but they offer a lot of value for
the aggressive investor."
    In a market where everyone is looking for affordable
stocks, trader Drew Schaefer of Kidder Peabody said, it is not
hard to understand why the tobaccos, which have been depressed
for a while in a positive market, are attracting buyers.
    Adelman believes one of the better buys is Philip Morris.
"It is a powerhouse of potential growth in earnings, dividends
and free cash flow. And the stock is cheap now," he said.
    Adelman expects Morris to earn eight dlrs a share this year
compared to 6.20 dlrs a share earned a year ago. In 1988, the
company should report a profit 10.30 dlrs a share.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS ECONOMIC COOPERATION PROCESS IS WORKING
Blah blah blah.



Nutmeg Industries Inc said it
signed an agreement in principle with (NBA Properties Inc)
to make sportswear bearing the logos of National Basketball
Association teams.
    Under the three-year pact, the company's Nutmeg Mills Inc
unit will design, manufacture and sell apparel for men, women
and children bearing the colors, names and symbols of the 23
basketball teams in the league.
    Nutmeg signed similar pacts in February with (Major League
Baseball Promotion Corp) and last week with (National Hockey
League Service) to make sportswear with the logos of baseball
and hockey teams.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
massive new lending to debtor nations could actually increase
their difficulties in the period ahead without protections.
    In testimony before the Senate Committee on Governmental
Affairs, Baker said, "throwing money at the debtor nations won't
solve their problems."
    Baker told the committee such an approach could "worsen
their difficulties unless the new financing can be productively
absorbed and is consistent with their ability to grow and
service debt."
    He said the debt initiative associated with his name is a
long-term approach and further progress "will be gradual and
will vary among nations, depending upon their own determination
to implement growth-oriented reforms and on the continued
active support of the international community."
 Reuter

Gateway Sporting Goods Co said it
acquired all of the shares of stock of Innovative Dental
Services Inc for an undisclosed amount of cash.
    Gateway said the acquired company has contracts with 102
dentists in 144 locations.
 Reuter


******BAKER SAYS U.S. WILLING TO COOPERATE TO STABILIZE EXCHANGE RATES
Blah blah blah.



Treasury Secretary James Baker said
the United States and other nations were willing to cooperate
to stabilize foreign exchange rates at the levels that existed
at the time of an international agreement last month.
    "Our position with respect to the dollar goes back to the
Paris Agreement that the currencies were within ranges broadly
consistent with underlying economic conditions," Baker told a
Senate committee.
    Baker continued, "We said further that we and others are
willing to cooperate closely to foster stability in exchange
rates around those levels."
    He referred to a February agreement by six leading
industrial nations to cooperate on monetary matters.
    Baker refused to answer a question whether Japan and
Germany had done enough to stimulate their domestic economies
for the United States to support the dollar.
    "I will not comment because the foreign exchange market
reads more or less than is intended in my statements," Baker
said.
    Baker said that the other signatories recognized that they
must carry their share of the load of correcting external
imbalances that have hindered the world's economy.
    He cited news reports that Germany would increase a
proposed tax cut for 1988 by about five billion marks to
stimulate domestic growth.
    Japan also agreed to consider stimulative measures after
the Japanese budget was made final.
    Baker said those nations were stimulating their economies
in a manner consistent with gains against inflation.
 Reuter

Barris Industries Inc
said it agreed to buy back 763,546 shares, or 8.6 pct of its
own common stock from company founder Charles Barris for 12.50
dlrs per share.
    Barris and the company have also terminated an agreement
which granted Barris Industries the right of first refusal for
a five year period on any project initiated by Barris, the
company said.
 Reuter

Teletrak Advanced Technology Systems
Inc, 35 pct-owned by Helm Resources Inc, said it received a 
contract to provide its Laser Base 400 System to a national
commercial bank.
    The system is an optical disk storage and retrieval system
that utilizes commercially accepted computer hardware, it said.
    Teletrak also said a New York law firm has retained it to
develop the laser base software for the firm's word processing
system.

 Reuter


******U.S. 4-YEAR NOTE AVERAGE YIELD 6.79 PCT, STOP 6.79 PCT, AWARDED AT HIGH YIELD 95 PCT
Blah blah blah.



Strong competition remains in the
airline industry despite a recent wave of mergers, a
Transportation Department official said.
    But Assistant Transportation Secretary Matthew Scocozza
said at a Senate antitrust committee hearing he would not
object to a transfer of the department's authority over airline
mergers to the Justice Department.
    Scocozza and Deputy Assistant Attorney General Roger
Andewelt said both departments felt airlines should be judged
under the same antitrust standards as all other industries.
    The Transportation Department is due to lose its authority
in 1989, but subcommittee chairman Howard Metzenbaum wants it
shifted now because he feels the Department has approved too
many airline mergers.
    "Airline mergers have proceeded at a breakneck pace with
barely a whimper being uttered by the Department of
Transportation. Nine airlines control 94 per cent of the
market," the Ohio Democrat said.
    Metzenbaum said he was concerned about the effects the
pending U.S.-Air-Piedmont Airlines merger would have on
service, especially at Dayton, Ohio, a major Piedmont hub.
    Scocozza said even with the recent mergers, such as Texas
Air Corp's acquisition of Eastern Air Lines and People Express,
more airlines were flying now in the United States than before
the 1978 airline deregulation act.
    "Airline deregulation has worked, is working, and, given
the department's commitment to preserving a competitive
environment, will continue to work," Scocozza said.
    He said the department considers the effect each merger
will have on competition over all the routes involved and will
not approve a merger which will reduce competition.
    Scocozza said most of the recent mergers involved airlines
in financial difficulty being taken over by other carriers.
     Andewelt said he was optimistic competition would increase
as airlines expanded airport hubs and routes and believed the
industry did not need special treatment under antitrust laws.
    "It is time to treat the airline industry in precisely the
same way as other U.S. industries; any differences are not
significant for the purpose of merger analysis," Andewelt said.
 Reuter


*****LEAR SIEGLER HOLDING CORP PLANS TO DIVEST AEROSPACE SUBSIDIARY
Blah blah blah.



Modulaire Industries said it
acquired the design library and manufacturing rights of
privately-owned Boise Homes for an undisclosed amount of cash.
    Boise Homes sold commercial and residential prefabricated
structures, Modulaire said.
 Reuter

Zenith Electronics Corp said
Howard Graham has been named vice president-finance and chief
financial officer, effective April 1.
   
 Reuter

Mexican officials, led by Finance
Minister Gustavo Petricioli, signed a 100 mln dlr loan with the
Inter-American Development Bank to help finance the promotion
of foreign tourism.
    The loan is for 15 years with 4-1/2 years grace at a
variable interest rate.
    The IADB has approved previous loans totaling 207.5 mln
dlrs to help finance investments of some 580 mln dlrs in
Mexico's tourism sector.
    The total cost of the program announced today is about 334
mln dlrs, of which the IADB loan will cover 29.9 pct.
 Reuter

Helm Resources Inc said that, pursuant
to the exercise of an overallotment option by underwriters in
Bamberger Polymers INc's initial public offering, it has sold
another 35,000 Bamberger shares and reduced its ownership in
Bamberger to 51 pct from 55 pct.
    To date, Helm has sold 435,000 Bamberger's for 3.5 mln
dlrs.
    Bamberger has sold a total of 600,000 shares and received
net proceeds of about 4.8 mln dlrs since the February 1987
offering.
 Reuter

U.S. Agriculture Secretary
Richard Lyng today publicly expressed doubts that the federal
government would meet the fiscal year 1988 deficit reduction
target set by the  Gramm-Rudman law.
    "I don't think anyone believes we'll meet the 108 billion
dlr target," Lyng told the Virginia Farm Bureau.
    Lyng is believed to be the first top administration
official to publicly express doubts the target would be met.
    The remark was quickly disavowed by the White House Office
of Management and Budget (OMB). "His 'no one' does not include
the OMB," said spokesman Edwin Dale.
    Lyng made the remark while describing the need for the
agriculture sector to share the burden of cutbacks under last
year's Gramm-Rudman law.
    "There needs to be some reduction of some expenditures to at
least get close to the Gramm-Rudman figure," he said.
"Agriculture would not be independent from that."
     Lyng's special assistant, Floyd Gabler, said the remark
was an opinion based on Lyng's discussions with congressmen.
    "If the Secretary said that he's simply expressing an
opinion he's gotten from the progress or lack of progress on
the Hill," he said.
 Reuter

The House Banking Committee approved
legislation to bar foreign securities firms from designation as
primary dealers in U.S. government securities unless the
relevant foreign government allows U.S. securities firms the
same trading rights.
    The impact of the proposed legislation would be on three
Japanese securities firms already doing business in the U.S.,
an aide to the sponsor of the provision Rep. Charles Schumer
said. Japan would have six months to open its government
securities markets to U.S. firms before the ban would start.
Other foreign firms would meet the test of reciprocal access.
    The legislation was approved as part of a major trade bill,
which the House will consider next month. The bill also has to
be considered by the Senate and signed by the president.
    The three Japanese firms are Nomura Securities Co. and
Daiwa Securities Co., which received approval from the U.S.
Federal Reserve Board to serve as primary dealers, and Aubrey
G. Lanston Co., owned by the Industrial Bank of Japan.
    Schumer, a New York Democrat, said the Fed would not be
allowed to designate any new firms as primary dealers unless
their government allows reciprocal access to U.S. companies.
Both the House and Senate Banking Committees opposed the Fed
action on the two Japanese firms.
 Reuter

Bolivia's proposal to repurchase at a
deep discount the 900 mln dlrs it owes to foreign commercial
banks is likely to be accepted, central bank governor Javier
Nogales Iturri said.
    Speaking to reporters at the annual meeting of the
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) here, Nogales said
Bolivia's bank advisory committee, led by Bank of America, is
seeking permission from creditor banks worldwide to go ahead
with the scheme. More than 50 pct of the banks must give their
approval, and Nogales said he is confident that this threshold
will be reached.
    "It's working out very well, and I think we'll get clear
majority," Nogales said.
    A senior banker working on the deal also said that banks
are responding positively and said all the legal waivers
necessary could be obtained within two months.
    Bolivia halted all payments on its commercial bank debt in
March 1984. Hyperinflation has been curbed and public spending
trimmed, but its debt is still trading as low as 10 cts on the
dollar on the secondary market and many banks have written off
most, if not all, of their loans to the country.
    Bankers see little chance for a substantive recovery in
Bolivia's economic fortunes and so are willing to collect what
they can on the loans.
    Nogales said Bolivia would offer to buy back the debt at a
market price. He said some banks might want to hold out for a
higher price, but others would see the repurchase offer as a
window of opportunity to cut their losses.
    Bolivia intends to pay for the repurchase with aid that
foreign governments, especially the United States and West
Germany, are providing to help finance the eradication of coca
crops. Cocaine, although illegal, is Bolivia's largest export.
    The campaign to persuade farmers to grow legal crops
instead of coca would be financed instead using local currency,
Nogales said.
    Because the fiscal deficit has been reduced to some four
pct of gross domestic product, money supply could be increased
to pay for the drug-eradication drive without too much of n
impact on inflation, he added.
    Nogales said he did not expect Bolivia's debt repurchase to
become a model for other debtors in dire straits. "We're not
seeking a universal solution," he said."             
 Reuter

Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. chose a
consortium formed by Atlantic Richfield Co &lt;ARC> and Italy's
Agip-Carbone to exploit the coal deposits at Guanare in western
Zulia state, PDVSA president Juan Chacin Guzman said.
    Chacin said PDVSA will sign a letter of intent next month
to form a partnership with the consortium, which consists of
Arco's Venezuelan subsidiary ACC Venezuela Inc, and Agip, a
subsidiary of Italy's &lt;Eni>.
    He said the consortium, which will own 48 pct of the joint
venture, may be expanded later to include Carboex of Spain.
PDVSA will have controlling interest of 49 pct in Carbozulia.
 Reuter

China posted a budget deficit of 7.08
billion yuan in 1986, the fourth highest since 1949, after a
surplus of 2.82 billion in 1985, Finance Minister Wang Bingqian
told the National People's Congress.
    He put 1986 revenue at 222.03 billion yuan, against a
budgeted 214.17 billion, and up from 185.41 billion in 1985,
and expenditure at 229.11 billion, against a budgeted 214.17
billion and 182.59 billion in 1985.
    Official figures show the record post-1949 budget deficit
was 17 billion yuan in 1979.
    Wang said the 1986 deficit was due to excess capital
construction and administrative expenses and unjustified and
extravagant investments outside the state plan.
    He also blamed the inefficiency of firms whose production
costs and losses rose. He said subsidising state firms' losses
cost 32.25 billion yuan. The 1985 budget did not give a
separate figure for this.
    He said the processing industry developed too fast and some
projects could not start operations because of power shortages,
while too many non-productive facilities were set up.
    Wang said 1986 and 1985 investment in fixed assets rose
15.3 pct and 41.8 pct respectively year on year and consumption
funds rose 12.5 pct and 23.7 pct, outstripping the growth in
national income.
    Wang said revenues were affected by the steep fall in world
oil prices, the decline in the price of primary products, a
drop in income from customs duties and the rising cost of
earning foreign exchange through exports.
    Revenue also fell because the state raised the rate of
depreciation for fixed assets of certain state firms, reduced
their regulatory tax and made other tax cuts for firms.
    Wang said 1986 tax receipts rose to 206.45 billion yuan
from 201.82 billion in 1985, state treasury bond receipts to
6.2 billion from 6.04 billion and receipts from foreign loans
rose to 7.87 billion from 2.5 billion.
    He said 1986 budgetary spending on capital construction
rose to 65.57 billion yuan from 56.97 billion in 1985, on
technical renovation and new products to 12.62 billion from
10.05 billion, aid to rural production and other farm expenses
to 12.03 billion from 10.16 billion, culture, science,
education and public health to 38 billion from 31.72 billion
and defence to 20.13 billion from 19.15 billion.
     Wang said expenditure for repaying principal and interest
on foreign loans in 1986 was 3.4 billion yuan, up from 3.26
billion in 1985.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he expected the U.S. Trade deficit to fall by 15 billion to 20
billion dlrs in 1987.
    Commenting on the deficit during an interview on Cable News
Network, Baker said "I think you're going to see a 15 to 20
billion dlr reduction this year." The deficit was 170 billion
dlrs in 1986.
    Baker noted that the benefits of a weaker currency take 12
to 18 months to affect the trade balance, and said it is now 18
months since the Plaza agreement to lower the dollar's value.
 REUTER

An investor group said it might be
willing to raise its 100 dlr per share offer for GenCorp but so
far the company has turned down requests for a meeting.
    "We might be able to see some additional value if we could
meet" and get more financial data, said Joel Reed, speaking for
the investor group.
    Reed told Reuters that GenCorp chairman A. William Reynolds
"was not interested in sitting down and talking with us at this
time." Cyril Wagner sought the meeting in a recent telephone
conversation with Reynolds, Reed said.
    Wagner and Brown, along with AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG>,
recently launched a surprise tender offer for GenCorp. The
offer is worth 2.23 billion dlrs.
    Reed said under the circumstances the 100 dlr per share
tender offer, which expires April 15, is a fair offer. GenCorp
gained 3-1/2 to 114 today on the NYSE.
    Reed outlined a plan to reshape GenCorp in the event his
group wins control. He said aerospace, soft drink bottling and
entertainment units are potential divestiture candidates. He
said the tire business, which the group wants to keep, may be
more viable if merged with another tire company.
    "One option would be to try to grow the tire business
through combination or an acquisition," Reed said. He said he
believes such a merger could create a stronger force in the
tire industry.
    Gary Miller, chief financial officer of AFG, said his
company has a record of acquiring mature businesses and
boosting productivity. Automation and incentives tied to profit
sharing have been used with success, he said.
    In the case of GenCorp's RKO General broadcasting stations,
Reed said the plan of the partners is to step into GenCorp's
shoes and proceed with plans to  sell the stations.
    The partners said if they succed in acquiring GenCorp they
intend to consummate sale of WOR-TV in New York to MCA Inc
&lt;MCA>. GenCorp last year entered into an agreement to sell the
station for 387 mln dlrs.
    The partners also said if they acquire Gencorp they would
also proceed with the proposed sale of KHJ-TV in Los Angeles to
Walt Disney Co &lt;DIS>. RKO General would receive 217 mln dlrs
and Fidelilty Television, which challenged the license, would
get about 103 mln dlrs.
    The partners also said the Federal Communications
Commission established an expedited schedule for receiving
comments on their request for special temporary authorization
of proposed trust arrangements while the FCC considers a formal
application for transfer of the broadcast unit.
    Reed said he was pleased with the expedited schedule
because it provides time for the agency to act on the request
before the expiration of the tender offer.
    He said it was the aim of the partners to move as quickly
as possible to eliminate uncertainty surrounding the stations.
    Asked about criticism of the takeover attempt voiced by
some municipal officials in Akron, Ohio, where GenCorp is
headquartered, Reed said, "the plan of the partners offers long
term growth for Ohio."
    He noted that the aerospace business, slated for
divestiture under the partners' plan, is located in California.
"Our program is one that overall would provide the greatest
long term growth for all segments," he said.
 Reuter

Connecticut Energy Corp said
its Southern Connecticut Gas Co unit filed with state
regulators a letter of intent to raise its rates by 2.7 pct, or
about 4.2 mln dlrs, beginning in late 1987.
    The company said it expects to file a formal application
with the Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control
within 60 days.
    The company said a rate increase is needed to cover higher
operating and maintenance expenses that have occurred since it
last received a rate hike of three pct, or 4.8 mln dlrs, in
January 1985.
 Reuter

First Federal Savings of
Arkansas FA said a federal district court denied a motion
seeking class-action status for a lawsuit that alleges the bank
violated securities laws in an offering of common stock.
    The lawsuit alleges that First Federal violated securities
laws in connection with its initial public offering.
 Reuter

The latest round of talks between
Philippine officials and the country's commercial bank
creditors on the rescheduling of 9.4 billion dlrs worth of debt
are still proceeding, but with a narrower focus, Philippine
Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin said.
    He told a press briefing Wednesday that Manila has dropped
a two-tier interest payment offer, which would have given banks
a higher return if they took partial payment in new Philippine
investment notes (PINs) instead of in cash.
    "The PINs proposal has been laid aside.... The discussion is
now on pricing (of just the cash payments)," he said.
    Foreign banking sources in Manila said on Tuesday that the
Philippines had raised its basic interest rate offer to 7/8
over the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) but Ongpin would
not discuss details of the pricing negotiations.
    He also refused to speculate on when an overall agreement
might be reached. The talks have been going on for more than
three weeks.
    Manila originally offered to pay interest in cash at 5/8
over LIBOR or in a mixture of cash and PINs -- tradeable,
dollar-denominated, zero coupon notes that could potentially
yield up to one point over LIBOR.
    The PINs option was subsequently modified to guarantee at
least a 7/8 point spread over LIBOR but many bankers still had
grave reservations, seeing it as a possible precedent for other
large debtors to avoid paying interest in cash.
    The PINs proposal has now been left on the table as a
separate option for those banks, which might want to fund their
own investments in the Philippines or sell the notes in the
secondary market, Ongpin said.
    Under Manila's plan, the PINs would be redeemable at full
face value in Philippine pesos to fund local equity investments
at any time prior to their six-year maturity date.
    While the commercial banks had their doubts about the PINs
proposal, Ongpin said there was great interest on the part of
certain investment banks which are already active in the
secondary market for sovereign debt.
    Unlike current debt/equity schemes, Ongpin said, the PINs
would include no government fees and would be free from
"administrative hassles."
    He said about six investment banks had been approached and
four had replied so far. One even showed interest in buying 45
mln dlrs worth of notes, he said.
    Ongpin said that by funding current interest payments in
the secondary market through the PINs scheme, the Philippines
could conserve at least one to 1.5 billion dlrs of foreign
exchange reserves during its planned seven-year restructuring
period.
 REUTER

Short-dated Saudi riyal interest rates
firmed but other rates were steady in quiet trading, dealers
said.
    "Day-to-day money is a bit tighter," one trader said.
    Overnight rose two points to six pct, while most quotes for
tomorrow/next and spot/next were 1/2 point higher at around
six, 5-1/2 pct.
    The periods were essentially steady at 5-7/8, 5/8 pct for
one month, 6-1/2, 3/8 pct for three, and 6-7/8, 11/16 for six
months.
    The spot riyal stood at 3.7500/05 to the dollar after
3.7506/09 yesterday.
 REUTER

USACafes LP said sales at its Bonanza
Restaurant unit rose 16.6 pct to a record 10.4 mln dlrs for the
week ended March 22.
    That compares with sales of 8,909,000 dlrs for the
comparable week last year, the partnership said.
    USACafes, which said year-to-date sales from the Bonanza
chain were up 13 pct, attributed the increase to the budget
steakhouse chain's decision to add chicken, seafood and salad
entrees to its menu.
    It said the new entrees now account for two-thirds of the
chain's sales.
 Reuter

Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
major nations are taking action to stabilise exchange rates in
line with their agreement in Paris last month, government
sources said.
    Miyazawa told an Upper House session the six nations --
Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S. And West Germany --
are abiding by the Paris accord. The six agreed to cooperate to
stabilise exchange rates at around current levels.
    Miyazawa said he wishes to attend a meeting of seven major
nations (G-7) expected just before the IMF/World Bank Interim
Committee meeting in Washington starting on April 9.
    The sources quoted Miyazawa as saying Japan is trying to
prevent a further rise of the yen. Japan is taking the matter
seriously, he added.
    Asked if the six nations had agreed to stabilise the dollar
at about 153 yen, the rate prevailing at the time of the Paris
talks, Miyazawa declined to give specific figures and said any
mention of specific rates would create an "unexpected situation."
 REUTER

The rebates granted at yesterday's EC
sugar tender represent a further concession to producers'
complaints that they are losing money on exports outside the
bloc, trade sources said.
    They said the maximum rebate of 45.678 European currency
Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos was 0.87 Ecus below what producers
claim is needed to obtain the equivalent price to that offered
for sales into intervention.
    The rebate at last week's tender was 1.3 Ecus short of the
level producers thought necessary and that of the previous week
was 2.5 Ecus below this level.
    But the sources said producers who have offered a total of
854,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention in an apparent
attempt to persuade the Commission to set higher maximum
rebates have given no formal indication to the Commission that
they intend to withdraw these offers.
    The French and German operators involved would be able to
withdraw the offers up to five weeks after April 1 when the
sugar will officially enter intervention stores.
    The five-week period is the normal delay between sugar
going into intervention and payment being made for it.
    EC officials have said that if the Commission has to buy
the sugar, it is determined immediately to resell it, a move
which could drive down market prices further.
 REUTER

The Fried. Krupp GmbH
&lt;KRPG.D> steel and engineering group said it had a satisfactory
1986 despite a provisional 12 pct fall in total group sales to
18.1 billion marks from 20.7 billion the previous year.
    Third party turnover declined to 15.9 billion from 18.5
billion in 1985 while orders slipped to 15.5 billion marks from
16.9 billion, it said in a preliminary statement.
    Despite these figures, which reflected the dollar's
weakness against the mark and oil and raw materials price
falls, it said 1986 was a satisfactory year.
    The reason was the continued expansion of the machinery and
plant sector, which accounted for 42 pct of total sales.
    Krupp added that some areas of the mechanical engineering
business achieved notable growth rates and acquisitions had
underpinned machinery and component activities.
    An orders decline in the steel and, in particular, the
trading and services sectors, affected the group's total order
figures.
    However, "all business sectors contributed to the positive
results achieved in 1986," Krupp added, without giving details.
    Domestic orders decreased by five pct to 9.6 billion marks
from the previous year and foreign orders fell 14 pct to 5.9
billion, it said. Foreign business accounted for 38 pct of
orders against 40 pct in 1985.
    Orders received by the machinery and plant sector, 11
member companies which comprise the core area of the group,
rose by four mln marks last year to 6.9 billion, Krupp said.
    The group's orders in hand amounted to 9.1 billion marks at
end-December 1986 from 10.3 billion at the start of the year.
    Orders received by the steel sector last year decreased by
three pct to 6.2 billion marks from 1985, it said.
    The steel market weakened increasingly over the year,
mainly because of exchange rate movements, the deterioration in
foreign trade and a downturn in a number of customer
industries.
    The difficult market for sections and flats of quality
steel depressed order tonnages by around seven pct, Krupp said.
But special steel boosted by strong demand for stainless
cold-rolled flats, grew by five pct in tonnage terms.
 REUTER

Solar Systems by Sun Dance said its board
has extended the date until which its 1986 warrants and
redeemable warrants may be exercised at 50 cts each to April 30
from March 31.
    It said it plans no further extension.
 Reuter

Raytheon Co said D. Brainerd
Holmes, who retired as Raytheon president in May 1986, has
resigned from the board effective April One.
    The company said Ferdinand Colloredo-Mansfield, chairman of
Cabot, Cabot and Forbes, will succeed Holmes on the board.
 Reuter

Qtly div 47-1/2 cts vs 47-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay 20 April
    Record 6 April
 Reuter

Baltimore Gas and Electric Co said it
filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to sell 100 mln dlrs of unsecured debt.
    The debt filing was registered under the SEC's shelf
procedure which gives the utility up to two years to sell its
debt.
    Once the registration becomes effective Baltimore Gas and
Electric will be able to issue debt on short notice as market
or corporate conditions warrant.
   
 Reuter

Mine Safety Appliances Co said it
will sell through its German subsidiary, Auergesellschaft, its
controlling interest in MSA (Africa), (PTY) Ltd, of
Johannesburg, South Africa to Boart International, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Anglo American Corp of South Africa Ltd
&lt;ANGL>.
    The company said the terms of the sale were not disclosed.
    The company will operate as Boart-MSA (PTY) Ltd, it said.
    L.N. Short Jr, president of the company, said it sold the
unit because of slumping profits due to South Africa's economic
decline.
 Reuter

Allis-Chalmers Corp said it
has sold its Elex Ag unit in Zurich, Switzerland, to private
investors for an undisclosed amount.
    The company said Elex produces electrostatic precipitators
used in air pollution control.
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 4,255,000 vs 11.5 mln
    Revs 199.4 mln vs 258.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 24.4 mln vs 45.5 mln
    Revs 639.7 mln vs 824.3 mln
 Reuter

UAL Inc's diversification into hotels
and rental cars may be its downfall, analysts said.
    Digesting its acquisitions of hotels, Pan Am Corp's Pacific
air routes, and Hertz rental cars, combined with stiff air fare
competition has left the company with an undervalued stock
price, analysts said.
    The vulnerability of UAL's stock has fueled takeover
speculation, as have reports that real estate magnate Donald
Trump has bought a large amount of its stock.
    Today, a UAL executive told Reuters its chairman Richard
Ferris spoke with Trump last week. Trump said his interest in
the stock was as an investment, but the executive said the
company does not know how much Trump owns or whether he has any
other plans.
    UAL senior vice president Kurt Stocker said the company
believes its diversification strategy will work since it can
feed customers from one business to another. Several weeks ago,
it announced the new name of Allegis, to be taken in May.
    "The strategy that Dick Ferris was talking about a couple
weeks ago when we announced the Allegis name is that the whole
really ends up to be worth more than the sum of the parts.
Unfortunately, some people haven't really come to this
understanding," Stocker said.
    But those same parts - Westin Hotels, Hertz rental cars,
United Airlines and its reservation system - also has Wall
Street calculating a wide range of breakup values from about
100 dlrs per share to 130 dlrs per share.
    Analysts aren't so sure the strategy is going to work. They
mention Transworld Corp, initially Trans World Airlines,
as an example of an airline diversification gone wrong.
Transworld Corp ended up spinning off its TWA airline.
Transworld, now TW Services, is selling Hilton International to
UAL.
    "If you want to be negatively biased you say it's a stupid
philosophy, and if you're United and you put billions of dlrs
into other acquisitions, this is a good idea. There's not much
evidence one way or the other," said Dean Witter analyst Mark
Daugherty.
    "In the short or long run, they all (UAL's businesses) make
money and perform well," said Stocker. He said the stock price
hasn't caught on since the strategy is relatively new.
    Analysts say it's because earnings are relatively poor.
Earnings last year were 25 cts per share. Louis Marckesano of
Janney Montgomery predicts 1987 net of 3.50 dlrs per share.
    "They're potential is enormous. I think their problem has
been execution. The strike was the single biggest factor that
set them back in 1985. Last year, the whole industry was
involved in fare wars. They were hit harder by the fare wars
than anyone else," said Marckesano.
    Marckesano said United Airlines was particularly hurt by
the fare wars because it shares a Denver hub with Texas Air
Corp's price-slashing Continental Airlines.
    Analysts said the same strategy which has contributed to an
undervalued stock price may also result in a strong takeover
defense. They said UAL paid a lot for some of its assets and
that in itself may make the company undesireable.
    "I think they have a fairly tough management that will at
least be able to do battle with a potential shark and may well
be able to defeat them. These guys aren't pushovers," said
Steve Lewins, an airline analyst at Citicorp.
    Lewins believes the company could ultimately boost the
stock price to a level that would reflect its assets, but it
will take time and improvements in earnings.
    "If they put their nose to the grindstone, we're talking
about years for anyone (in the airline industry)," he said.
"The whole unwinding of the battle of Texas Air is going to
take years, establishing the Pacific in competition with (NWA
Inc &lt;NWA>) Northwest is going to take until 1990," Lewins said.
     UAL today rose 2-1/2 to 62-1/2 on heavy volume of 1.9 mln
shares.
 Reuter

Nordson Corp said its board
declared a 3-for-2 stock split to be paid as a 50 pct stock
dividend on April 30 to shareholders of record April 10.
    As a result, the number of shares outstanding will increase
to 10.2 mln from 6.8 mln, the maker of industrial equipment
said.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss 16 cts vs loss 44 cts
    Oper net loss 8,926,000 vs loss 14.4 mln
    Revs 9,920,000 vs 21.2 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 4.30 dlrs vs loss 2.24 dlrs
    Oper net loss 221.8 mln vs loss 53.7 mln
    Revs 51.4 mln vs 94.4 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes losses from discontinued operations
of 228,000 dlrs vs 4,253,000 dlrs for qtr and 10.4 mln dlrs vs
14.2 mln dlrs for year.
 Reuter

UAL Inc, which on May 1 becomes Allegis
Corp, said it established a direct communications link between
its Apollo Services reservations system and Budget Rent a Car,
Hilton Hotels and Hilton International Hotels.
    Under the new system, all Budget, Hilton and Hilton
International hotel reservations made through Apollo, which is
owned by UAL's Covia Corp, will pass the ARINC system and speed
up time it takes to complete a traveler's reservation, the
company said.
 Reuter

Varity Corp, earlier reporting a full
year loss against a prior year profit, said improvement is
expected in the balance of fiscal 1987 as new products fill the
inventory pipeline, cutbacks in operating costs are realized
and its newly acquired Dayton Walther business is fully
integrated.
    However, operating results are likely to remain under
pressure in the first quarter ending April 30, it said.
    Varity earlier reported a loss for fiscal 1986 ended
January 31 of 23.3 mln U.S. dlrs, compared to a year-earlier
profit of 3.9 mln dlrs.
    Varity said continued deterioration in major markets, a
weakening U.S. dollar and unforeseen delays in launching major
new lines of tractors contributed to the full year loss.
    Industry demand for farm machinery continued to erode
during the latest fiscal year, with worldwide industry retail
sales of tractors sliding more than 10 pct below last year's
depressed levels, the company said.
    However, Varity increased its share of the global tractor
market by more than one pct to 18.2 pct, it said.
    The combined impact of costly sales incentives and foreign
exchange adjustments on margins was substantial, Varity said.
 Reuter

FPL Group Inc's Florida Power and Light
Co unit said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities
and Exchange Commission for the future sale, through one or
more offerings, of one mln shares of serial preferred stock.
    It said that these shares, together with 150,000 shares of
preferred stock that are unissued under a previous shelf
registration, should cover the utility's preferred stock
financing needs for the next two years.
 Reuter

The Federal Aviation Administration
said it will require cockpit voice recorders to be installed on
all newly made commuter aircraft by May 26 1989.
    The FAA said data from the cockpit voice recorder, which
makes a record of cockpit conversation during flight, was
invaluable to accident investigators.
    The new rule covers newly made jet and turbo prop commuter
aircraft that carry six or more passengers and that must be
flown by two pilots.
 Reuter

The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
said it took control of the South Florida Banks and transferred
its assets and deposits to a newly chartered federal mutual
association.
    The Bank Board said it approved a new five-member board for
the association. South Florida was a state chartered stock
institution with 175.2 mln dlrs in assets.
    The Bank Board said the savings bank suffered from poorly
underwritten loans and investments plus a high cost of funds
and operating expenses, including excessive compensation of
some former officers.
 Reuter

Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Pay June one
    Record May four
 Reuter


******Sumita says major nations will continue to cooperate to stabilize currencies
Blah blah blah.



The monetary authorities of the major
industrialised countries lost their credibility this week as
the dollar was sold off despite pleas from ministers and
widespread central bank intervention, dealers said.
    The dollar's fall below 150 yen, which follows last month's
Paris currency stabilisation agreement by the U.S., Japan, West
Germany, Britain, France and Canada, is a dramatic reversal of
the success of the Group of Five (G-5) 1985 New York Plaza
meeting to weaken the dollar, they said.
    The G-5 and the market agreed in 1985 that the dollar was
overvalued but this time the market and the authorities are on
different sides, dealers said.
    Apparent confusion in the ranks of the G-5 nations has
encouraged the market to challenge the authorities despite
concerted intervention by the central banks of the United
States, Japan, Britain and West Germany, they said.
    Pleas by Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa for
action to stabilise the dollar were matched over the weekend by
comments by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker that there was
no target zone for the dollar. The dollar was sold anyway.
    Yesterday's comment by Baker that he stood by the Paris
accord did nothing to reverse sentiment, dealers said.
    The intervention, backed by remarks by Fed Chairman Paul
Volcker and Japanese central bank governor Satoshi Sumita,
which a few months ago would have brought the dollar fall to a
halt, has done little but slow the rate of its decline, they
noted.
    The situation has again raised the question of whether
intervention can succeed against the trend in today's huge
currency markets. Dealers said the market's cool response to
intervention reflected a basic oversupply of dollars.
    "This means that the current dollar selling is not of a
sheer speculative nature but backed by real demand," said Koichi
Miyazaki, deputy general manager at Sanwa Bank.
    Dealers said the dollar will remain weak despite the
intervention and it is only a matter of time before some
operators try to push it below 148 yen. The dollar closed in
Tokyo today at 149.40 against New York's 149.30/40. Its record
low was 148.40 in Tokyo last Tuesday.
    Dealers said the dollar will gain only temporary support to
rise above 150 yen toward early April when the Group of Seven
industrial nations meets to discuss currencies again.
    The market expects the seven nations (the Paris six plus
Italy) to try to agree on another way to stabilise currencies
apart from intervention, a chief dealer at a U.S. Bank said.
    Dealers said they were unsure what other methods could be
used and they are sceptical anyway about how long the Paris
accord nations, particulary the U.S., Will remain willing to
prevent a further dollar fall given the continuing high U.S.
Trade deficit, especially with Japan.
    Further pressure from a protectionist U.S. Congress for a
lower dollar is also limiting Washington's options, they said.
    The market now thinks the central bank action is to slow
the dollar fall, not to push it back over 150 yen, said
Tadahiko Nashimoto, manager at Long Term Credit Bank of Japan.
    Another bearish factor for the dollar is expected large
forward dollar sales from April to June for export bills
falling due for Japanese exporters from April to September.
    The exporters had delayed in expectation of a further yen
depreciation, dealers said.
    Yesterday's request to 30 trading houses by the Ministry of
International Trade and Industry to restrict dollar sales looks
ineffective in light of this real demand, they said.
    The market is also anticipating active institutional dollar
sales to hedge currency risks on bond holdings from the new
business year starting April 1, dealers said.
    "The market seems to have established a new dollar trading
range between 147 and 149 yen," one dealer said.
    The dollar traded between 151 and 153 yen after the Paris
accord on February 22 and 150 yen was then considered the low
end for the dollar against the yen, he said.
    Some dealers now believe that if the dollar falls below 148
yen, it will pick up renewed downward momentum and slide to
145.
 REUTER


******ENCOR ENERGY CORP INC YR NET LOSS 406.6 MLN VS PROFIT 35.4 MLN
Blah blah blah.



Team Inc said it will introduce a line
of repair products for electrical distribution and transmission
equipment for the utility industry in May.
    The new products include a transformer repair service which
will seal oil leaks in transformers. Other products include a
new licensed repair method of electrical porcelain, and a newly
developed concrete repair service.
    Team said it expects to continue to sell equipment and
attempt to reduce losses to generate positive cash flow.
Earlier, Team reported third quarter net income of 91,000 dlrs
on sales of 11.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

O'Brien Energy Systems Inc said it
has signed a 12-year 12 mln dlr lease with Citicorp covering
its wood gasification project in Quincy, Fla.
    O'Brien said it retains rights to the residual value of the
project and may participate in the development of additional
electric generating facilities as part of a second phase of the
project, which started operating January One.
 Reuter

Qtrly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay  Aug  14, 1987
    Record April One, 1987
 Reuter

International Cocoa Organization, ICCO,
Council chairman, Denis Bra Kanon, said he will attempt to
reach a compromise on buffer stock rules for the International
Cocoa Agreement.
    Bra Kanon called for bilateral consultations among
producers and consumers Thursday morning to resolve outstanding
differences on how much non-member cocoa the buffer stock can
purchase and differentials to be fixed for different origin
cocoa, consumer delegates told reporters.
    Bra Kanon is expected to meet with about eight delegations
individually in attempt to iron out remaining problems.
    Producers and consumers indicated support "in principle" for
the draft buffer stock rules package formulated over the past
week by a small working group, consumer delegates said.
    Despite remaining differences delegates remained confident
a buffer stock accord would be agreed to by Friday when the
council session ends, but certain technical points need further
clarification, the delegates said.
    Certain consumers are concerned that differentials included
in the draft buffer stock package are out of line with market
realities, consumer delegates said.
    Unless these are modified there are fears it would promote
purchases of quality cocoas, such as Ghana origin, which are
normally required by manufacturers, they said.
    Restrictions on buffer stock purchases of non-member cocoa
might lead to a supply overhang in Malaysian cocoa, which would
depress prices, they added.
 Reuter


******LOMAC TO PAY 17 MLN DLRS TO CLEAN SITE IN FIRST SUPERFUND-2 SETTLEMENT
Blah blah blah.



Detroit Edison Co said it filed a shelf
registration for the proposed offering of one billion dlrs in
general and refunding mortgage bonds.
    The offering will be underwritten by Morgan Stanley and Co
Inc. Detroit Edison said the bonds will be offered to the
public this year and next, with the first bond sale scheduled
for early next month.
    Net proceeds from the sale will be used to refund
obligations under the company's Belle River Project financing
and to refund or replace funds utilized by the company for the
purpose of meeting debt and equity obligations.
 Reuter


Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said the U.S. trade deficit should start to decline soon,
possibly in the figures for February or March.
    "We could see the trade deficit start down in February or
March," Baldrige said in an appearance before the Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee.
    He predicted the trade deficit, which was 170 billion dlrs
in 1986, would decline by 30 to 40 billion dlrs in 1987 and in
1988.
    Baldrige said he was making his prediction without having
seen the February trade figures, but he said that the volume of
imports has dropped beginning with the fourth quarter of 1986
and will continue to drop in this quarter.
    The eventual turnaround in the monthly trade figures will
reflect the impact of the decline in the dollar, Baldrige said.
    Ealier, Treasury Secretary James Baker told the committee
that the trade deficit had levelled off, but Baldrige said he
was more optimistic, adding, "I think we turned the corner in
February."
 Reuter

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he believes proposed legislation calling for
mandatory acreage reductions has little support in Congress and
voiced Reagan administration opposition to it.
    "The administration would be very much opposed to that
legislation," he told a Virginia Farm Bureau lunch.
    "But fortunately I don't detect a strong interest in that
legislation." He added, "I doubt there will be (enough) support
to get it out."
    The controversial bill, supported by Representative Richard
Gephardt, a Missouri Democrat, calls for a national referendum
to be conducted that could result in mandatory unpaid acreage
cuts of up to 35 pct, paid land diversion beyond that level if
necessary and a marketing quota.
   
 Reuter


******S/P DOWNGRADES CHASE, CHEMICAL, IRVING, MANUFACTURERS, MELLON AND SECURITY PACIFIC
Blah blah blah.



Unocal Corp said it intends to
increase its spending for capital projects to 929 mln dlrs in
1987, eight pct more than the 862 mln spent in 1986.
    The company said in its annual report that it would
increase spending for exploration and development of petroleum
resources by about three pct to 614 mln dlrs from 1986's 595
mln dlrs, assuming oil prices hold around current levels.
    The planned spending for exploration and production in 1987
remains well below the 1.1 billion dlrs spent in 1985, Unocal
said.
    The company's proved developed and undeveloped reserves of
crude oil rose slightly in 1986, Unocal said. Net crude oil and
condensate reserves were 752 mln bbls as of Dec 31, 1986,
compared to 751 mln bbls at the end of 1985, Unocal said.
    The company said its net crude oil and condensate
production averaged 248,200 barrels per day in 1986 compared to
251,300 bpd in 1985.
    Unocal said its worldwide natural gas reserves were 6.07
billion cubic feet in 1986 compared to 1985's 6.19 billion. Net
natural gas output averaged 976 mln cubic feet per day in 1986,
down 10 pct from 1985's 1,084 mln, the company said.
    Unocal said its average sales prices for crude oil was
12.67 dlrs a barrel worldwide in 1986 compared to 23.81 dlrs in
1985, and its average sales price for natural gas was 2.03 dlrs
per thousand cubic feet in 1986 against 2.24 dlrs in 1985.
    Average production costs for crude oil and natural gas
declined nearly 30 pct to 3.41 dlrs per bbl of oil equivalent
in 1986 from 4.81 dlrs in 1985, Unocal said.
    In the annual report, the company called for imposition of
an oil import fee by the U.S. government to set a floor price
of about 25 dlrs a barrel for crude oil.
    "Simply stabilizing prices at about 18 dlrs per barrel    
will not materialy slow the drop in U.S. production or the rise
in imports," Chairman Fred Hartley said in the annual report.
    "Without decisive action in Washington, this nation will
once again become a hostage to OPEC's plans and policies,"
Hartley said.
 Reuter

Peru's foreign debt obligation this year
totaled 6.3 billion dlrs, including maturities falling due and
overdue payments, equivalent to almost twice its expected
exports of goods and services, Central Bank President Leonel
Figueroa said.
    He told the InterAmerican Development Bank (IADB) annual
meeting here that Peru will have to maintain its 10 pct limit
on debt payments to preserve growth.
    Figueroa said gdp grew by almost nine pct in 1986, while
inflation dropped to 63 pct from an annual rate of 280 pct in
the first half of 1985.
 Reuter

Colombia plans to maintain foreign
borrowing at levels similar to the 1982-86 period, during which
it received a net 1.3 billion dlrs net of repayments, Finance
Minister Cesar Gaviria said.
    He told the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) annual
meeting here that despite Latin America's debt crisis, Colombia
continues to achieve positive credit flows reflecting the
strength of its economy that grew five pct last year.
    Public Credit Director Mauricio Cabrera said Colombia plans
to launch a foreign bond issue in the second half of 1987,
possibly for 60 mln dlrs.
    Cabrera said a 50 mln dlr floating rate note (FRN) issue by
Colombia is expected to close next month. It carries a 1-1/8
pct margin over Libor, with a seven year maturity and four
years grace.
    He also told Reuters he did not expect any increase in
Colombia's financing needs as a result of current falling
coffee prices, after a surge last year doubled export income
from this source to around three billion dlrs.
    "The drop will simply bring us back to 1985 levels, with a
loss of no more than about 100 mln dlrs," he said.
    Colombia, with a total foreign debt of around 13 billion
dlrs, has a foreign borrowing programme of around three billion
dlrs this year, of which about one billion is new credits.
    Its foreign reserves ended 1986 at 3.5 billion dlrs,
equivalent to more than nine months of imports and
non-financial services, and GDP growth is again expected to
reach five pct this year, Gaviria said.

 Reuter

The underwriting syndicate expects the
Finance Ministry to propose a 0.2 to 0.3 percentage point cut
in the coupon of the 10-year government bond to be issued in
April from the five pct March issue, underwriting sources said.
    The expected proposal is likely to await passage of a
provisional budget for 1987/88 starting April 1 by the Lower
House of Parliament on March 30, the sources said.
    Issue volume is likely to be 1,200 to 1,400 billion yen
against 475 billion in March, they said. Projected issue price
is around par against 99.50 for the March bond, they said.
 REUTER

Sri Lanka will appeal to its major aid
donors for at least 21 mln dlrs in financial support to help it
overcome the country's worst drought in 26 years.
    Government officials told Reuters that letters detailing
the extent of the drought would be sent this week to the 14
countries that gave some 700 mln dlrs in development aid to Sri
Lanka last year. These include Australia, Canada, Japan,
Britain, the U.S. And West Germany.
    Officials in the Finance and Planning Ministry coordinating
the aid request said Sri Lanka wanted the money over a
six-month period.
    Foreign Minister Tyronne Fernando last week briefed
representatives of aid-donor countries and international relief
agencies on the drought and made a general appeal for help.
    The state had disbursed 800,000 dlrs by February for the
most badly affected districts, but the Finance and Planning
Ministry officials said no further relief was available from
the budget.
 REUTER

Navistar International Corp expects its
fiscal 1987 capital spending to rise to 100 mln dlrs, up from
74 mln dlrs a year ago, Chairman-elect James Cotting told
reporters after the annual meeting.
    Cotting said much of the spending will go toward
modernization of the company''s painting operations at its
Springfield, Ohio truck assembly plant. The balance will be
used to increase productivity at its various facilities.
    In answer to a question, Neil Springer, who on April 1
becomes chairman of the company's new truck and engine holding
company, Navistar International Transportation Corp, said the
company's goal is to reduce costs 25 pct by 1990.
    Noting that purchased material now accounts for 81 pct of
its cost of production, Springer said Navistar intends to enter
similar relationships to one it has with Dana Corp &lt;CDN>, in
which the two companies are coordinating design, manufacture,
distribution and service of components to cut costs.
    Springer said because of overcapacity in some sectors,
price discounting will continue to plague the truck
manufacturing industry.
    He said the heavy truck industry is operating at 65 pct of
capacity, up 10 pct from a year ago with medium truck operating
at 73 pct of capacity, about level with a year ago.
    Springer said Navistar itself is operating at "over 70 pct
of capacity" in heavy trucks and at more than 90 pct in medium
trucks.
    Asked when Navistar would begin making acquisitions,
Springer said "We're ready now, but we have no specific
timetable."
    Earlier, at the annual meeting, stockholders gave a
standing ovation to retiring Chairman Donald Lennox, who during
an eight-year tenure was cited for redirecting the company
toward profitability. Lennox told reporters he was assuming
chairmanship of privately held Schlegel Corp, Rochester, N.Y.
He said he hoped to take the 100-year-old manufacturer with 300
mln dlrs in sales public within two years.
 Reuter

Newmont Gold Corp expects gold sales
in 1987 to rise about 22 pct to 577,000 ounces from 1986's
474,000 ounces, the company said in its annual report.
    Newmont Gold, 95 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM>,
said it expects significant increases in gold sales in 1988 and
1989 as well.
 Reuter

International Cocoa Organization (ICCO)
talks on buffer stock rules have slowed during a crucial phase
of negotiations, delegates said, but they remained confident
about prospects for reaching agreement by Friday.
    Cocoa producers, European Community (EC) consumers and all
consumers separately reviewed technical details of a buffer
stock rules package distributed yesterday.
    The buffer stock working group of consumers and producers
was set to meet later today to debate the proposal jointly for
the first time, they said.
    Delegates said major sticking points were likely to be the
amount of non-member cocoa allowed to be bought for the buffer
stock, and the fixed price differentials at which different
origin cocoas will be offered to the buffer stock manager.
    Producers would prefer that non-member cocoa not be
included in the buffer stock because, if it is, countries such
as Malaysia benefit from the cocoa agreement without joining
it, the delegates said.
 Reuter

Micro Display Systems Inc said it
has written orders exceeding 1.5 mln dlrs in the European
market for its full-page display computer monitor, The Genius.
    The company first began direct marketing The Genius to
Europe in mid-January.
    It forecast that more than 700,000 dlrs of the orders will
be shipped by the end of March, with the balance shipped within
the next three months.
 Reuter

Brazil is preparing a new economic
strategy intended to protect domestic growth, Finance Ministry
sources said.
    A presidential spokesman said President Jose Sarney had
authorised the government's economic team to prepare the new
plan as soon as possible.
    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said last night the plan
would reflect "an important battle to protect the country's
development and keep it from recession."
    Funaro, who helped lead the anti-inflation Cruzado Plan
launched in February 1986, has come under increasing attack
over the past few days following the resignation of Planning
Minister Joao Sayad on March 17. Observers say the plan has
failed to stabilise the country's economy.
    Sayad submitted a new package calling for a 90-day prices
and a wage freeze, but met opposition from Sarney and Funaro.
    Foreign Ministry sources said the new strategy was being
prepared by economists Persio Arida and Andre Lara Resende,
both former Central Bank officials said to have played leading
roles in the Cruzado Plan.
   The new plan will define the terms on which Brazil will seek
rescheduling of its 109 billion dlr foreign debt.
    On February 20, Brazil suspended servicing of 70 billion
dlrs of debt to private foreign banks.
    Funaro said last night Brazil wants a rescheduling program
spread over four years, and added that it had to include new
loans to keep the domestic economy growing.
    "In the past two years Brazil paid 24 billion dlrs in
servicing of its foreign debt, while only getting two billion
dlrs in new loans," Funaro said.
  REUTER


******TWA SOLD FOUR MLN SHARES OF USAIR BELIEVED TO INSTITUTIONS, WALL STREET SOURCES
Blah blah blah.



A leading U.S. farm-state
Congressman, Jerry Huckaby, D-La., warned he will press next
year for legislation to control domestic production of
sweeteners, perhaps including corn sweeteners, if the industry
fails to voluntarily halt output increases this year.
    "We're moving toward a direction where we could
self-destruct (the U.S. sugar program)," Rep. Huckaby, chairman
of the House agriculture subcommittee dealing with sugar
issues, told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, who told U.S. sugarbeet growers earlier this year
they must halt production increases, said he will deliver the
same message to Louisiana sugarcane growers Friday. He also
said he will soon talk with corn refiners on the subject.
    Huckaby said the campaign to urge a halt to domestic
sweetener output increases is an effort to forestall further
cuts in the sugar import quota, now at one mln short tons.
    "I think if we're talking about dropping (the quota)
another half mln tons, lets say, you're getting to the point
where the program might not work," he said.
    "Ideally, I'd like to freeze things right where we are,"
said Huckaby, leading advocate for sugar growers in Congress.
    A freeze would mean domestic sugar production at about the
current level of 6.5 mln tons, the corn sweetener share of the
U.S. market staying at just over 50 pct, and U.S sugar imports
holding at about 1.2 mln tons, Huckaby said.
    A decision on whether to seek legislation will not be made
until 1987 output numbers are known late this year, he said.
    "I feel like if we didn't expand production, we could
probably hold where we are indefinitely, or at least through
the 1985 farm bill without any changes (in the sugar program),"
Huckaby said.
    However, much depends on whether high-fructose corn syrup
producers continue to expand their share of the U.S. sweetener
market from just over 50 pct, Huckaby said.
    He noted most estimates are that corn sweeteners will
capture at most only another 10 pct of the sweetener market in
the U.S.
    But he said if there were an economic breakthrough in the
production of a new crystalline corn sweetener which further
expanded the corn sweetener share, then U.S. sugar imports
might be eliminated and U.S. sugar output severely reduced.
    Huckaby said he will deliver this message to corn refiner
companies such as A.E. Staley and Archer Daniels Midland soon.
    "This program is advantageous to the corn users. They have
some natural, legitimate self-interest in seeing that the
program is preserved," Huckaby said.
    Huckaby said he has asked sugar industry representatives to
think about how domestic output could be controlled, either
through production allocations, acreage or marketing controls.
    Huckaby also said he would be seeking guidance from the
Justice Department to determine if it would be legal to ask
corn refiners to limit production.
    "I don't know if we will go this route, but if we do
there's a question in my mind at this point in time; can you do
that legally?" he said.
    Asked if he would proceed with production controls without
the support of corn refiners, Huckaby said "You build a fragile
house if you do it that way."
    Huckaby said he understands why U.S. cane and beet farmers
have expanded production, because high sugar price support
means returns from sugar are higher than competing crops such
as soybeans and grain.
    But he said for sugar growers as a whole, expansion would
not be good policy.
    Huckaby said he has tried to stress, in his speeches to
sugar industry groups, that if growers continue to expand, they
may be penalized retroactively under any production control
legislation passed next year.
    Huckaby said Congress is unlikely to approve any changes in
the sugar program this year despite a Reagan administration
proposal to drastically slash the program.
    "The administration proposal is so drastic, that I don't
think it will get up a head of steam," Huckaby said.
    He said even a more moderate proposal to reduce sugar price
support is unlikely to be approved.
    Instead of seeking to slash the domestic sugar program,
Huckaby said the Reagan administration should file a complaint
with the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade against the
European Community's sugar policy. He said EC policies are the
major cause of the depressed world sugar market.
 Reuter

Veteran politician Giulio Andreotti
abandoned his attempts to form a government, putting Italy on
course for early elections, political sources said.
    Christian Democrat Andreotti told President Francesco
Cossiga he was unable to reconstruct the five-party coalition
after two weeks of negotiations, they said.
 Reuter


******U.S. SHOE INC 4TH QTR SHR 31 CTS VS 56 CTS
Blah blah blah.



Quaker Chemical Corp said its
board has authorized the repurchase from time to time of up to
300,000 common shares.
    Quaker now has about 6.6 mln shares outstanding.
 Reuter


CORRECTION - LONDON - CITIBANK LAUNCHES WARRANTS
    In London item "Citibank Launches Currency Warrants" please
read second paragraph as follows
    "Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs against marks at
1.8250 marks to the dollar or at 149.50 yen to the dollar
between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989."
    (Corrects dollar/mark exchange rate to 1.8250 and makes
clear that dollar purchase is against marks or yen.)
 Reuter



The U.S. Commodity Credit
Corporation (CCC) has authorized an additional 10.0 mln dlrs in
credit guarantees to cover sales of U.S. vegetable oils to
North Yemen, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department also said at the request of the North Yemen
Government five mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously
earmarked for sales of wheat have been switched to cover sales
of mixed poultry feed.
    The actions increase the value of credit guarantees for
vegetable oil for the current fiscal year to 38 mln dlrs,
reduce the guarantee coverage for sales of wheat to eight mln
dlrs and increase the coverage for sales of mixed poultry feed
to 10 mln dlrs.
    All exports must be completed by September 30, 1987.
 Reuter

Southwestern Bell Corp said that
its planned acquisitions of cellular telephone and paging
systems, including those of &lt;Metromedia Inc>, will result in
some initial earnings dilution and an increase in debt ratio.
    In a letter to shareholders in its 1986 annual report, the
regional Bell company did not indicate the degree of earnings
dilution it expects from the acquisitions, which total some
1.38 billion dlrs. However, the company said the rise in its
debt ratio will be temporary and will leave its debt level
within an acceptable range.
    In its 1986 yearend financial statement, Southwestern Bell
listed a debt-to-equity ratio of 43.4 pct, down slightly from
43.7 pct in 1985.
    In 1986, the company earned 1.02 billion dlrs, or 10.26
dlrs a share, compared with 996.2 mln dlrs, or 10 dlrs a share
in 1985. Revenues dipped to 7.90 billion dlrs from 7.93 billion
dlrs.
    Southwestern Bell said it expects the new tax law to have a
negative impact on its cash flow, due mainly to the loss of
investment tax credits.
    By mid-year, however, the company said a reduced corporate
tax rate should have a positive impact on its net income and
cash flow.
    In addition, the company said it is projecting a 1.7 pct
gain in customer telephone lines and a three to four pct
increase in long distance calling volumes.
    Southwestern Bell said 1987 capital expenditures will be
lower that the 1.97 billion dlrs spent in 1986, a year in which
expenditures were held below budget.
 Reuter


******VARITY CORP YEAR SHR LOSS 21 CTS VS LOSS 16 CTS
Blah blah blah.



The director of the Office of
Management and Budget James Miller warned that a tax increase
would jeapordise real U.S. economic growth.
    "It's a bad idea. We don't need more money to balance the
budget. We need to reduce spending and avoid things that would
halt economic expansion," Miller told students at the
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
    "I think economic growth could be threatened mightily if we
have a tax increase or by the perception that we're giving up
on deficit reduction," he said.
    Miller criticised a proposal by House speaker Jim Wright to
put a one pct tax on securities transactions.
    He said the tax would probably be ineffective because
people would avoid by holding their portfolios in other
instruments, like real estate, or simply by not trading as
often.
    Miller said he doubted this proposal would pass.
    "I think it is frankly all but political suicide to
advocate a tax increase unless the president championed it as
well," he said. "And he's not going to do it, in fact he would
veto a tax increase," Miller added.
 Reuter


said its shareholders at the annual meeting approved a
five-for-one stock split effective May 15, 1987, to holders of
record on April 15, 1987.
    The company said the split would increase the number of
authorized common shares from 440,000 to 2,200,000 shares
issued. In addition, the company said it authorized another
800,000 shares, but would not issue them at this time.
    The company also changed the stock's par value from 10 dlrs
a share to 2.50 dlrs a share.
    It explained it transferred 1,100,000 dlrs from its
undivided profits account to its capital account in order to
raise the new par value from two dlrs, under the five-for-one
split, to 2.50 dlrs.
 Reuter

Ecuador signed four loans from the
InterAmerican Development Bank (IADB) totaling 280 mln dlrs,
the IADB said.
    Ecuador's finance minister, Domingo Cordovez, and IADB
President Antonio Ortiz Mena, signed the loans after the IADB's
annual meeting here.
    A 57 mln dlr loan is for urban development, 80 mln dlrs for
industrial programs, 96 mln dlrs for highway rehabilitation
and 46 mln for farm research.
 Reuter

Brazil will not announce any
changes to its coffee export policy, Brazilian Coffee Institute
(IBC) president Jorio Dauster said.
    He told Reuters Brazil was not planning to modify the
position it held before the recent International Coffee
Organisation meeting.
    Earlier this month, talks in London to set new ICO export
quotas failed.
    Commenting on the outcome of a coffee producers' meeting in
Managua last weekend, Dauster said that they discussed nothing
involving the market.
    "In the meeting we agreed to work on behalf of the union of
the producers in matters related to an international agreement,"
Dauster said.
    The Managua meeting was attended by representatives from
Brazil, Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Costa Rica,
Nicaragua and Panama, the latter represented at the meeting
merely as an observer.
 Reuter

Vietnam has ordered its army to grow
more food to ease shortages and meet economic recovery goals
set for 1990.
    The army newspaper Quan Doi Nhan Dan, monitored here, said
soldiers must work harder to care for rice, vegetables and
other crops endangered by the present unusually hot weather.
    The paper said the 1.6-mln strong regular army contributed
less than one pct to the nation's 18.2 mln tonne food output.
    North Vietnam has set a 1990 food target of 23 to 24 mln
tonnes.
 REUTER

Japanese scientists say they have
developed a material which can help detect the killer disease
Aquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS).
    Leading Japanese AIDS scientist professor Naoki Yamamoto
told Reuters he and other scientists working at Yamaguchi
University in southern Japan have been testing the material's
ability to filter the AIDS virus from blood since last April
and produced successful results.
    He said the material, a tube made from a cellulose
membrane, could only be used to diagnose AIDS sufferers and not
cure them.
    The share price of Asahi Chemical Company&lt;ASAT.T>, which
plans to market the product in about a year's time, rose
sharply but ended the day only 27 yen higher at 905 yen a
share.
    The cellulose tubes, which Asahi will market under the name
Bemberg Microporous Membrane (BMM), can also separate the virus
of the kidney ailment hepatitis and may be applied to
diagnosing polio sufferers, vice-president of Asahi Chemical,
R. Yumikura said. Ashai will supply BMM for research purposes
soon.
    Shares of companies even remotely related to the fight
against AIDS have risen on the Tokyo stock market since the
first Japanese woman died of the disease in Kobe in January.
 REUTER

Mohawk Data Sciences Corp's
Momentum Technologies Inc affiliate said it has signed an
agreement to provide support and service for all Fivestar
Electronics Inc branded products nationwide.
    Value was not disclosed.
 Reuter

Middle South Utilities Inc is taking a
conversative approach to formulating a new common stock
dividend policy, chairman Edwin Lupberger said.
    He told securities analysts that when the company's common
dividend is resumed, "the initial rate will appear conservative
to you by industry standards and in relation MSU's net income
and cash flow."
    "Our progress will determine how soon we can reinstate a
dividend to our common stockholders, he said."
    The company last paid a common dividend of 44.5 cts a share
in July 1985.
    Lupberger told the analysts that the company's primary
objective is "to create financial strength, enough strength so
that what happened to us and our stockholders over the past
couple of years never happens again."
    The company has faced regulatory challenges to rates
proposed to cover the cost of its Grand Gulf nuclear plant.
    He said Middle South's net income is expected to post
"modest growth" over the next three years.
    In 1986, the company earned 451.3 mln dlrs or 2.21 dlrs a
share on revenues of 3.49 billion dlrs.
    Lupberger said, "A good portion of the improvement
projected for the next three years comes from keeping the lid
on operating and maintenance expenses."
   
 Reuter

The Liberian motor bulk carrier, Trave
Ore, 106,490 dwt, loaded with ore, and the 2,852 dwt West
German motor vessel Christa, collided late last night on the
River Elbe near buoy 129, Lloyds Shipping Intelligence said.
    The Trave Ore proceeded by its own means to Hamburg. The
Christa was taken in tow with a damaged bow.
    The Liberian vessel was concluding a trip from Seven
Islands to Hamburg.
 Reuter

Trans World Airlines Inc sold four mln
shares it held in USAir Group Inc, Wall Street sources said.
The sources said the buyers are believed to be a group of
institutions.
    Bear Stearns handled the trade. It crossed the four mln
shares at 45, off 1/8. Bear Stearns would not comment on buyers
or sellers.
    USAir and TWA had no immediate comment.
    USAir later said it did not buy the stock. A company
spokesman would not comment further.
    TWA earlier this month reported holding slightly more than
four mln shares, or about 15 pct of USAir. It had also proposed
a takeover of USAir, which at the time was negotiating its
proposed merger with Piedmont Aviation Inc.
    On March 16, TWA withdrew its bid, saying it did not intend
to seek control of USAir Group or to acquire more of its stock
at the time.
    TWA also said in the filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission that its chairman, Carl Icahn is the target
of an SEC probe of alleged violations of securities laws.
    In its filings with the SEC, TWA said it paid 178.2 mln
dlrs for its USAir stock.
    "With this out of the way, if it indeed was bought by
institutions, it paves the way for better value for USAir stock
later," said Janney Montgomery analyst Louis Marckesano of
TWA's sale of its stock.
    "Technically, as long as that block was overhanging the
market you didn't know what was going to happen," he said.
    USAir stock was trading at 44-3/8, off 3/4 on volume of 4.4
mln shares. TWA stock rose one to 28-1/4.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS "THROWING MONEY" AT DEBTOR NATIONS WON'T WORK
Blah blah blah.



Treasury Secretary James Baker said
the administration is confident the effect of exchange rate
changes will bring about a cut in the trade deficit this year.
    In testimony before the Senate Committee on Governmental
Affairs, Baker conceded that the effect thus far has "not yet
proved as quick or as strong as had been expected from past
experience."
    He told the committee, however, that the "initial signs are
encouraging."
 Reuter

Cyanotech Corp said it has
developed a new way to extract beta carotene from algae.
    The company said the method reduces energy requirements by
70 pct and produces 90 pct recovery.
    The company has been a commercial producer of beta carotene
since May, 1986.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
that massive new lending to the debtor nations could actually
increase their difficulties in the period ahead without
protections.
    In testimony before a Senate committee, Baker said that
"throwing money at the debtor nations won't solve their
problems."
    He said it might seem like an easy solution to the debt
problems and might appear a simple way to boost U.S. exports
and growth in the debtor nations.
    Baker told the committee that such an approach could "worsen
their difficulties unless the new financing can be productively
absorbed and is consistent with their ability to grow and
service debt."
    He said that the debt initiative that bears his name is a
long-term approach and that further progress "will be gradual
and will vary among nations, depending upon their own
determination to implement growth-oriented reforms and the
continued active support of the international community."
 Reuter

The administration is expanding its
crackdown on bad debts, officials of the White House Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) told reporters.
    OMB Deputy Director Joseph Wright said the administration
this year plans to turn over to private credit rating firms
data on about 3.5 mln "deadbeats" who are seriously behind or in
default in their payments on federal loans.
    Next year, the government will turn over to private
collection bureaus four billion dlrs in bad education loans and
three billion dlrs in other bad government loans, Wright said.
    The government is also considering letting individuals make
payments on their student loans with credit cards, officials
told reporters.
    The Internal Revenue Service is already studying the use of
credit cards to pay income taxes, but this usage would require
a change in federal law while no congressional action would be
needed for credit cards to be used for student loans, the
officials said.
    The officials disclosed these plans in releasing the third
annual OMB report to Congress on management of the U.S.
government.
    The report details steps to be taken by the administration
to increase federal efficiency and to continue President
Reagan's highly publicized "war on waste, fraud and abuse."
    According to the report, elinquent U.S. debt had soared to
68.3 billion dlrs, or 18.8 pct of total receivables, by the end
of the fiscal year that ended last Sept. 30. At the end of
fiscal 1981, when Reagan took office, bad debt stood at 29.8
billion dlrs or 12.3 pct of total debt.
    But OMB officials said other Reagan administration efforts
had already saved taxpayers 84 billion dlrs and would save
another 25 billion dlrs or so by the time Reagan left office.
 Reuter


of Delaware said its agreement to negotiate exclusively for its
sale with &lt;Oxford Financial Group> has been extended until
April 8 from March 18.
    The company said it is in the final stages of talks with
Oxford over the terms of the proposed acquisition.  Under a
nonbinding letter of intent signed in June 1986, Oxford would
pay 11 dlrs per First Federal share, subject to First Federal
shareholder approval.
 Reuter


******U.S. SECURITIES INDUSTRY ASSN BACKS RESTRAINTS ON TAKEOVERS, INSIDER TRADING
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss 13 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 18,600,000 vs profit 3,300,000
    Revs 394.0 mln vs 351.0 mln
    YEAR
    Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 23,300,000 vs profit 3,900,000
    Revs 1.36 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Note: Current yr loss includes reorganization charge of
15.2 mln dlrs vs yr-ago reorganization charge of 17.6 mln dlrs.
    Shr after preferred divs.
    U.S. dlrs.
 Reuter

Kansas City Southern Industries Inc
said it is ready to promptly purchase the Southern Pacific
Transportation Co from Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp &lt;SFX> if
the Interstate Commerce Commission rejects Sante Fe's attempt
to reopen the merger of Southern and the Atchison, Tokepa and
Santa Fe Railway.
    In a filing with the ICC late today, the company outlined
four conditions of its offer to acquire Southern Pacific.
    Among the conditions are that Santa Fe enter into an
agreement to indemnify Kansas City for any contigent liabilites
of Southern Pacific existing as of the closing date, and that
the financial condition of Southern remain largely unchanged
from today onward.
    "We are willing, even eager, to make a fair market value
offer in cash for the Southern Pacific," said Kansas City
Southern president and chief executive officer Landon H.
Rowland.
    "This offer disproves the constant derogation of the
Sourthern Pacific by SFSP management, best exemplified by SFSP
Chief Executive John Schmidt's comment in ICC hearings that the
Southern Pacific was 'bankrupt,'" said Rowland.
    He said that merging Southern with Kansas City will achieve
the benefits of an end-to-end merger while preseving the
independece of the Southern Pacific versus its existing prime
competitor, Santa Fe.
    Kansas said that Southern's management had estimated the
value of the railroad in 1983 in the range of 281 mln dlrs to
1.2 billion dlrs.
    It said that Morgan Stanley and Co Inc and Salomon Brothers
Inc, hired in 1983 to advise Southern and Santa Fe in their
merger, appraised Southern as worth between 500 mln dlrs and
800 mln dlrs less than Southern's own internal valuations.
    Kanasa City Southern said it will make an offer for
Southern after its books, records and properties are examined.
    "Once that examination has been completed (and even in the
absence of a willingnes of SFSP to negotiate) KCSI will make an
offer in writing...." said the company.
    Kansas also said it argued in the ICC filing that Santa Fe
had not met the legal requirements justifying the Commission's
reconsideration of the proposed merger of Santa Fe and Southern
Pacific, two railroads that it said basically parallel each
other throughout their routes.
    ICC voted four to one last summer to reject the merger as
inherently anticompetitive. Kansas said Santa Fe in petitioning
for reconsideration now argues that the trackage agreements
with the Union Pacific, the Denver and Rio Grande Western and
other railroads, adds to the value of the merger.
 Reuter

Metrobanc, a federal
savings bank, said its shareholders approved the previously
announced merger with Comerica Inc &lt;CMCA>, a bank holding
company.
    Metrobanc said the merger is still subject to regulatory
approval.
 Reuter

The World Bank today approved a 40
million mln dlr loan to assist an economic reform program under
way in Haiti.
    The bank said the loan is being made through its affiliate,
the International Development Association, and will be used to
restore economic confidence, approve the allocation of
resources, and stimulate economic growth.
    The bank said the the 50-year credit, which is interest
free, comes as there is growing evidence that reforms already
underway have improved the country's economic situation.
 REUTER

Clabir Corp and AmBrit Corp
said they called off their plans for Clabir to buy the 16 pct
voting interest in AmBrit that it does not already own.
    The companies said they agreed not to pursue the merger
because several actions recently taken by AmBrit would mean
substantial delays in completing the deal.
    They said they might revive merger plans at a later date or
seek other ways for Clabir to increase its holdings in AmBrit.
 Reuter

The United States Nuclear
Regulatory Commission granted a low-power operating license to
Unit 3 of the Palo Verde nuclear plant, plant's owners said.
    Owners of the Palo Verde plant include AZP Group's Arizona
Public Service Co unit, which holds a 29.1 pct interest, and
Southern California Edison &lt;SCE> and El Paso Electric Co, which
each own a 15.8 pct stake.
   The owners said the license will allow for fueling and
testing of up to five pct of the plant's power. Fueling will
begin in a few days, they said.
    The commission must review the results of the low-power
testing before it can approve full-power operation.
    The owners of plant said they expect to begin full-power
operation by the end of 1987.
   
 Reuter

New Zealand's broadly defined,
seasonally adjusted M-3 money supply grew an estimated 2.4 pct
in January against a 3.4 pct (revised from 3.6) rise in
December and a 0.7 pct rise in January 1986.
    It said unadjusted M-3 increased to an estimated 30.13
billion N.Z. Dlrs from 30.08 (revised from 30.06) billion in
December and 25.18 billion in January 1986.
    Year-on-year M-3 rose 19.66 pct in January from 17.80 pct
(revised from 17.77) in December and 20.10 pct in January 1986.
    Narrowly defined year-on-year M-1 growth was 21.94 pct in
January against 15.89 pct in December and 14.10 pct a year
earlier.
    M-1 grew to an estimated 4.72 billion dlrs against 5.03
billion in December and 3.87 billion in January 1986.
    Year-on-year private sector credit, PSC, grew 31.07 pct in
January against 30.64 pct (revised from 30.68) in December and
21.40 pct in January 1986. PSC grew to 22.69 billion dlrs from
22.24 billion in December and 17.31 billion in January 1986.
 REUTER

Senate Democratic leader Robert Byrd
yesterday failed to win the 60 votes needed to force a Senate
vote on a bill demanding President Reagan account for U.S. Aid
to the Nicaraguan Contras, including millions of dollars
diverted to the rebels from U.S. Arms sales to Iran.
    Following the defeat, Byrd said he would drop his effort,
ending congressional manoeuvring over the 40 million dlr final
instalment of a 100-million-dlr aid package approved last year
for the contras.
    Without congressional action to stop it, the aid became
legally available to the Contras last weekend.
 REUTER

Engineering group Linde
AG's &lt;LING.F> world group turnover rose to 518.6 mln marks in
the first two months of 1987, 5.2 pct more than in the same
1986 period, management board chairman Hans Meinhardt said.
    But world group incoming orders fell 2.2 pct to 587.3 mln
marks, Meinhardt told the annual news conference. Excluding
exchange rate movements, world group turnover rose 8.9 pct and
incoming orders increased 1.0 pct.
    Linde expects satisfactory results and increased sales this
year but Meinhardt gave no detailed forecast. Domestic group
1986 net profit rose to 105.79 mln marks from 80.71 mln.
    Meinhardt said domestic group turnover rose 6.7 pct to
394.1 mln marks in the first two 1987 months against the same
period last year but incoming orders fell 5.2 pct to 456.6 mln.
    Linde will ask shareholders at the annual meeting on May 13
to raise authorised share capital by a maximum 30 mln marks
nominal for the issue of share warrant bonds with a maximum
issue volume of 200 mln marks. Linde's authorised share capital
currently stands at a nominal 49.6 mln marks.
    Meinhardt said the authorisation would give the company the
necessary flexibility in case Linde needed additional funds for
acquisitions. He declined to give further details.
    While world group turnover rose 7.2 pct to 3.88 billion
marks in 1986, incoming orders were barely changed at 3.91
billion marks. Meinhardt said without the sharp appreciation of
the mark against major trading partner currencies, incoming
orders would have been four pct above the prior year's level.
    World group turnover in heavy plant construction rose 7.4
pct to 777 mln marks, but incoming orders dropped 5.7 pct to
739 mln marks in the wake of the dollar and oil price plunge.
    World sales for technical gases rose 5.1 pct to 1.05
billion marks and incoming orders gained 5.2 pct to 1.05
billion marks.
    Meinhardt said Linde strengthened its market position in
the refrigeration sector, with particularly strong turnover and
order gains in Austria, Italy and Norway. World group sales in
the sector fell 2.5 pct to 493 mln marks, but incoming orders
rose 2.5 pct to 513 mln marks.
    The fork lift truck and hydraulic sector saw world group
sales rising 12.4 pct to 1.52 billion marks and incoming orders
gaining 8.0 pct to 1.57 billion marks.
    Domestic group turnover rose 8.2 pct to 2.93 billion marks
and incoming orders increased 1.9 pct to 2.92 billion marks.
The company was producing at full capacity in 1986.
 REUTER

At least 14 people were injured and many
arrested in clashes during a one-day general strike called by
Ecuadorean workers to protest against austerity measures
imposed after a major earthquake on March 5.
    Interior Minister Luis Robles said the worst violence was
in Quito, where demonstrators threw rocks at a luxury hotel and
a number of banks.
    Over 80 people in eight cities were detained for stoning
police, attacking troops, damaging buildings and setting fire
to cars, he said. The casualty and damage toll is expected to
rise as detailed reports reach the capital from the provinces.
    Labour leaders said they shut down all of Ecuador's
industrial plants, but Labour Minister Jorge Egas said of the
country's 900 largest factories only 86 were closed, 32 were
partially working and the rest operating normally.
    The strike, called by leftist unions and declared illegal
by the government, was aimed at pressing the administration to
scrap an austerity program adopted on March 13 following an
earthquake that killed up to 1,000 people and caused an
estimated billion dlrs in damage.
 REUTER

BP International and BP North America
are seeking a five billion dlr, four year syndicated credit
facility in support of British Petroleum Co Plc's tender offer
for the 45 pct of Standard Oil Co it does not already own,
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York said as arranger.
    The facility, to be guaranteed by British Petroleum Co Plc
&lt;BP.L> is probably the largest credit facility ever arranged in
Europe, bond analysts said. Full terms will be announced either
later today or tomorrow morning. BP said earlier it planned a
tender offer for the 45 pct of Standard it does not already own
for 70 dlrs a share cash.
    The financing being arranged by Morgan Guaranty will take
the form of a fully committed revolving credit. As announced
earlier, BP also is arranging a U.S. Commercial paper program
in connection with the tender and part of the revolver will be
used to support that program.
    The exact size of the U.S. Program has not been decided and
the dealers have not yet been chosen.
    The credit facility will also allow the borrower to issue
cash advances with maturities of one, three or six months
through a tender panel, which will be comprised of banks
committed to the facility.
    Despite the unprecedented size of this euromarket facility,
Morgan Guaranty said that it was being syndicated only among
BP's relationship banks.
    As a result, banks were being offered lead manager status
at 200 mln dlrs, co-lead management at 125 mln and manager at
75 mln.
    Although pricing on many credit facilities has become
extremely fine in recent years because of the keen competition
to win mandates, Morgan Guaranty said banks would be
compensated fairly since this is a special purpose facility
which must be completed quickly, with signing expected in about
10 days.
 REUTER


****** German Feb current account surplus 6.6 billion marks (Jan surplus 4.8 billion) - official
Blah blah blah.



Montreal Trustco Inc is issuing a 100 mln
Canadian dlr, 8-1/2 pct bond due May 6, 1992 at 101 pct, lead
manager Societe Generale said.
    The non-callable issue is of unsecured, unsubordinated
debt. Denominations are of 1,000 and 10,000 Canadian dlrs and
listing is in Luxembourg. Payment date is May 5.
    Fees are 1-1/4 pct for selling, 3/8 pct for underwriting
and 1/4 pct for management including a 1/8 pct praecipuum.
 REUTER

Taiwan has over one trillion Taiwan dlrs
in savings, official statistics show.
    Figures released yesterday show all forms of savings by
individuals and public and private firms, including bank
deposits, certificates of deposits and bond's, are running at
about 37 pct of gross national product (GNP).
    GNP rose by 14.35 pct in 1986 to 2.74 trillion dlrs.
    Taiwan's strict foreign exchange controls and lack of
incentives to invest abroad mean its huge export earnings are
mainly deposited in bank savings accounts, earning below four
pct interest each year.
 REUTER

World group turnover of Siemens AG
&lt;SIEG.F> should rise to 51 or 52 billion marks in the current
year to September 31 after a 19 pct upturn in the first five
months, management board chairman Karlheinz Kaske said.
    Siemens reported world group turnover in 1985/86 of 47.02
billion marks.
    Kaske told the annual shareholders meeting turnover rose to
21.2 billion marks in the first five months of 1986/87, about
19 pct above the same year-ago period. The rise was mainly due
to payment in January for a West German nuclear power station
which led to a jump in domestic sales of 36 pct.
    In the first five 1986/87 months, turnover abroad showed a
three pct increase, Kaske said, without giving figures.
    In the same period incoming orders rose five pct to 21.8
billion marks against the same 1985/86 period.
    For the year as a whole incoming orders should rise between
one and two billion marks to around 51 or 52 billion.
    Apart from payments for the nuclear power station, the
communications and telecommunications sectors in particular
should contribute to growth this year, Kaske said.
    But it was not possible to make a profit forecast for
1986/87 because of uncertainty about the direction of the
dollar, Kaske said.
    Siemens already reported that first quarter 1986/87 group
net profit fell marginally to 296 mln marks from 298 mln in the
same period in the previous year.
    Turnover in the first five months rose particularly
strongly in the installations and automotive technology,
communications and telecommunications sectors, but components
and energy and automation showed a sharp decline.
    Kaske said domestic orders rose to 10.2 billion marks in
the first five months of this year, or nine pct above their
level in the same 1985/86 period, boosted in particular by
orders for the fully owned Kraftwerk Union AG subsidiary.
    Foreign orders grew one pct to 11.6 billion marks. An
increase in orders through newly acquired subsidiaries abroad
was balanced by the decline in the dollar.
    While the installations and automotive technology sector
showed a sharp rise in orders, energy and automation and
communications orders were below the level achieved in the same
period of 1985/86.
    Telecommunications orders remained at roughly the same
level.
    Kaske said investments were expected to remain around six
billion marks in 1986/87 after a 50 pct increase the previous
year. Research and development were likely to rise 13 pct to
6.1 billion marks or around 12 pct of turnover.
 REUTER


******UK FEB TRADE DEFICIT 224 MLN STG VS DEFICIT 527 MLN IN JAN - OFFICIAL.
Blah blah blah.



A British voter opinion poll in
tomorrow's Today newspaper shows a surge in support for the
centrist Alliance grouping and a fall for both the ruling
Conservatives and the Labour opposition party.
    The Marplan poll gives the Conservatives 36 pct, the
Liberal/Social Democratic Alliance 31 pct, and Labour 31 pct as
well. A Marplan survey last month gave the Tories 38 pct, the
Alliance 21 pct, and Labour 37 pct.
    The latest poll would, if translated into an election
result, produce a hung parliament, analysts said. That should
dampen speculation of an early June election, they added.
 Reuter

Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 17
 Reuter

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said agriculture should share spending cuts under the
Gramm-Rudman law and that this would ultimately help exports.
    "There needs to be some reduction of some expenditures to at
least get close to the Gramm-Rudman figure," he said.
"Agriculture would not be independent from that."
    He told a Virginia Farm Bureau lunch, "I don't think anyone
believes we'll meet the 108 billion dlr target."
    Lyng said if the federal deficit came down, this would help
exports. "A failure to get the fiscal deficit under control is
having a harmful effect on agricultural exports."
    He added, however, that U.S. agricultural exports had
increased under the Farm Security Act but so far had not
recovered to what he called the successful levels of 1981.
 Reuter

Computervision Corp said it
introduced additions to its CADDS 4X software line, a new
CADDStation workstation and upgrade kits for existing
CADDStation workstations.
    The company said the new software products include
Autoboard SMT, priced at 35,000 dlrs, which is a microchip
version of its printed circuit board software.
    The new CADDStation, based on Sun Microsystems Inc's &lt;SUNW>
workstation technology, is a 32-bit system, available initially
as a server, with a processing capacity of four mips, or
million instructions per second.
    The new CADDStation, Computervision said, is priced at
90,400 dlrs.
    The company said it is also offering kits to upgrade its
2-mips CADDstation priced at 35,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Merck and Co said a drug to
prevent heartworm disease in dogs, ivermectin, has been
approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
    The drug, made by Merck's animal health and agricultural
products division, will be sold under the name Heartgard-30
through licensed veterinarians.
 Reuter

Qtly div 45 cts vs 44 cts prior
    Pay May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Shr 27 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 6,416,000 vs 5,988,000
    Revs 112.2 mln vs 99.8 mln
    NOTE: 1985 includes extraordinary income of 647,000 dlrs or
three cts/shr. 1985 restated.
 Reuter

Epsilon Data Management Inc
said it had executed a new revolving credit and term loan
agreement with the Shawmut Bank N.A.
    It said the total credit available under the newly-signed
agreement is six mln dlrs.
    It said the new agreement will, at its option, convert to a
four-year term loan in September 1988.
 Reuter

Shr 29 cts vs nine cts
    Net 651,000 vs 214,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes loss of 500,000 dlrs for
extraordinary item.
 Reuter

Qtly div 41 cts vs 41 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 8
 Reuter

U.S. soybean lobbyists and
congressional aides criticized a proposal from a senior
Agriculture Department official that Congress allow the U.S.
soybean loan level to be officially lowered to 4.56 dlrs per
bushel next year.
    "I don't know who in Congress would propose that happening.
Politically it would be totally unacceptable," an aide to a
senior farm-state senator said.
    USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz said this week that
Congress should give USDA authority to keep the soybean loan 
at its current effective rate of 4.56 dlrs per bushel rather
than increasing it to its minimum allowed level of 4.77 dlrs.
    "I'm convinced that Congress will not go along with this,"
American Soybean Association President Dave Haggard said.
    Amstutz told reporters following a senate hearing that if
the soybean loan rate were 4.56 dlrs, USDA could then consider
ways to make U.S. soybeans more competitive.
    His comments were seen as possibly indicating what the  the
administration's position is in the debate over what should be
done to make soybeans competitive and at the same time protect
soybean farmers' income.
    Using soybean specific certificates to further buydown the
loan rate or implementation of a marketing loan have been
pointed to as the most effective ways to get soybean prices
competitive. USDA secretary Richard Lyng, however, continues to
maintain his opposition to a marketing loan, saying such a move
would be too costly.
    "There will be alot of other options that will be
considered before Congress looks at that one (the Amstutz
proposal," said Bill O'Conner, aide to Rep. Edward Madigan
(R-Ill), ranking minority leader of the Agriculture Committee.
    "Anybody representing large groups of soybean producers
would not be very excited about supporting a lower soybean
loan," O'Conner said.
    Congress may very likely look at the soybean loan and
decide that they cannot increase it from its current 5.02 dlr
basic rate, but that there has to be something mandated to
increase soybean's competitiveness, David Graves, aide to Sen.
Thad Cochran (R-Miss) said. Cochran, a staunch supporter of a
soybean marketing loan, would support a soybean loan of 5.02 or
4.77 dlrs with a certificate buydown, Graves said.
 Reuter

U.S. oil demand as measured by
products supplied rose 0.1 pct in the four weeks ended March 20
to 16.16 mln barrels per day from 16.15 mln in the same period
a year ago, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Energy
Department agency said distillate demand was off 0.1 pct in the
period to 3.258 mln bpd from 3.260 mln a year earlier.
    Gasoline demand averaged 6.72 mln bpd, off 1.2 pct from
6.80 mln last year, while residual fuel demand was 1.38 mln
bpd, off 2.1 pct from 1.41 mln, the EIA said.
    Domestic crude oil production was estimated at 8.35 mln
bpd, down 7.8 pct from 9.06 mln a year ago, and gross daily
crude imports (excluding those for the SPR) averaged 3.44 mln
bpd, up 16.3 pct from 2.95 mln, the EIA said.
    Refinery crude runs in the four weeks were 11.90 mln bpd,
up 1.4 pct from 11.74 mln a year earlier, it said.
    In the first 78 days of the year, refinery runs were up 1.8
pct to an average 12.25 mln bpd from 12.04 mln in the year-ago
period, the EIA said.
    Year-to-date demand for all petroleum products averaged
16.32 mln bpd, up 1.8 pct from 16.04 mln in 1986, it said.
    So far this year, distillate demand rose 0.1 pct to 3.31
mln bpd from 3.30 mln in 1986, gasoline demand was 6.60 mln
bpd, up 0.1 pct from 6.59 mln, and residual fuel demand fell
0.4 pct to 1.42 mln bpd from 1.43 mln, the EIA said.
    Year-to-date domestic crude output was estimated at 8.41
mln bpd, off 7.7 pct from 9.11 mln a year ago, while gross
crude imports averaged 3.96 mln bpd, up 28.1 pct from 3.09 mln,
it said.
 Reuter

Lomac Inc, a publicly traded
company, will pay the U.S. and Michigan governments to help
clean up a toxic waste site in the first major settlement under
the 1986 Superfund-Two act, Michigan officials said.
    Lomac will pay 17 mln dlrs to help clean the site, they
said.
    Stewart Freeman, Michigan's chief environmental attorney,
told Reuters that Lomac, a new company, agreed to buy a
chemical site near Muskegon, Mich., formerly operated by Bafors
Nobel Inc, a bankrupt subsidiary of A.B. Nobel of Sweden.
    The settlement was also the largest in history in a
bankruptcy case involving environmental issues, Freeman said.
    Other companies with Superfund disputes are watching the
case closely, he said. "There are a number of very large
corporations talking to the attorney general," Freeman said,
referring to Michigan Atty. Gen. Frank J. Kelley.
    Freeman would not identify the companies involved, saying
he was not sure whether confidentiality agreements had been
made.
    Lomac will pay 25-26 mln dlrs in the settlement. Five mln
dlrs will be paid to the federal and 12 mln dlrs will go to the
Michigan government for cleanup at the site, the Lakeway
Chemical plant.
    The remaining funds will go to medical surveillance of
former workers at the plant.
    Under the agreement, a trust fund will be set up "to
monitor the health of employees who may have been exposed to
dangerous chemicals that were manufactured at the plant before
1971," the Michigan attorney general's office said in a
statement.
    Freeman said the medical fund was necessary because of
possible medical problems among workers at the site.
    The Muskegon facility was formerly used to manufacture
dyes. Freeman said Bofors Nobel spent 50 mln dlrs cleaning up
the site, formerly owned by Lakeway Chemical Co, before "the
economic decision was made in Sweden" to place the operation in
bankruptcy.
    Under the agreement, Bofors Nobel will sell the site, which
still holds an operating chemical plant, to Lomac. Some 150
employees work at the plant, a spokesman for the Michigan
attorney general said.
    The state attorney general said cleanup at the site will
begin "immediately," and will be supervised by federal and
state officials.
    Freeman said the plant site is not presently listed on the
federal superfund list, which qualifies the toxic waste site
for federal cleanup funds.
    He said federal officials will try to get the Muskegon
facility onto the superfund list. If they are unable to do so,
the 5.0 mln dlr federal portion of the settlement will be
turned over to Michigan officials to be used in the cleanup,
Freeman said.
 Reuter

Five regional oil producing nations
will gather in Caracas tommorrow for a two-day meeting expected
to center on ways to combat proposals for a U.S. tax on
imported petroleum, the Venezuela's ministry of energy and
mines said.
    Oil ministers from Mexico, Trinidad and Tobago, Ecuador and
Venezuela will be on hand for the fifth meeting of the informal
group of Latin American and Caribbean Petroleum Exporters,
formed in 1983, it said. Colombia will also attend for the
first time, as an observer nation, the ministry said.
    Energy and Mines Minister Arturo Hernandez Grisanti said
the conference has no set agenda but one entire session Friday
will be devoted to proposals for a tax on imported oil.
    Two of the group's members, Venezuela and Mexico, are
second and third largest foreign suppliers of oil to the United
States, respectively, following Canada.
    Venezuela, concerned about the effect such a tax would have
on its exports, undertook a diplomatic push to coordinate
strategy against such measures. In February, Canadian Energy
Minister Marcel Masse was invited to Caracas for talks with
Hernandez on proposals for an oil import tax.
 Reuter

The House Banking Committee adopted
legislation to direct the U.S. Treasury to begin negotiations
aimed at seeking regular adjustment of exchange rates by  
countries such as Taiwan and South Korea whose currencies are
pegged to the value of the U.S. dollar.
    The measure was adopted as part of a wide-ranging trade
bill that will be considered by the full House in April before
it moves onto the Senate.
    The bill's many provisions also set as a priority for the
U.S. the negotiation of stable exchange rates and urge
government intervention as necessary to offset fluctuations.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he opposed a stock transactions tax proposed by House Speaker
Jim Wright, D-Tex, or other special taxes.
    "The stock transfer tax would be a particularly unfortunate
approach to take," Baker said in an interview with Cable News
Network.
    The United States has some of the most efficient capital
markets in the world and new taxes would impair efficiency, he
said.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
banks must do more lending to developing countries.
    Baker, in an interview on Cable News Network, was asked
about such loans after Standard and Poor's Corp today
downgraded the debt of six major money centre bank holding
companies, largely because of their heavy loan exposure to
developing nations.
    Baker said developing countries must adopt free market
economic policies such as that of the United States. He said
capital flows will be required to support the needed reforms in
those countries' economic systems.
    The money must come either through equity or debt and Baker
said developing nations' "investment regimes do not support
enough equity investment, so you've got to have some debt
there."
 REUTER

Libyan forces appear to be
withdrawing from their last stronghold in Chad after suffering
defeats at the hands of French-backed government troops,
according to officials in both the U.S. And France.
    In Washington, a State Department spokesman told reporters
"we have no reason to doubt that Libyan forces are leaving Faya
Largeau," Libya's main garrison in Chad.
    The French Defence Ministry said it could not confirm the
departure of the Libyan troops, but an official said "it is
extremely likely. They are deprived of air cover and supplies,
and their morale must be zero."
 REUTER

The Australian Industry Development
Corp (AIDC) said it issued 20 mln Australian dlrs of five-year
notes in London.
    The notes, issued in denominations of 50,000 dlrs, were
part of a 10-year, one billion U.S. Dlr multicurrency facility
established last December, it said in a statement.
    Medium-term Euronotes had previously only been issued in
U.S. Dlrs, it said.
    The AIDC last week said it issued under the same facility
the first of several five mln Australian dlr-denominated
Euro-commercial paper tranches in Asia.
    Dealers for the one billion U.S. Dlr borrowing program were
the AIDC, &lt;Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd>, &lt;Merrill Lynch
International and Co>, &lt;Morgan Stanley International>, &lt;Salomon
Brothers International Ltd> and &lt;Swiss Bank Corp International
Ltd>, the AIDC said.
    &lt;Citibank N.A.> was the issuing and paying agent.
 REUTER


******BP says it will tender for remaining 45 pct of Standard Oil at 70 dlrs a share cash
Blah blah blah.



Britain has decided to resist U.S.
pressure and retain powers to withdraw tax credits from U.S.
parent companies based in states which impose unitary taxes on
the worldwide profits of foreign-owned firms, Treasury
Financial Secretary Norman Lamont told Parliament.
    But he added that the eventual use of those powers would
not be backdated if activated before the end of 1988.
    The U.K. Government has consistently opposed the use of
unitary taxation of international business on grounds they are
contrary to internationally accepted principles, laid down by
the United Nations and the OECD, Treasury sources said.
    In a written parliamentary answer, Lamont said "in the
meantime, progress towards a final resolution of the unitary
tax issues will be kept under careful review" by Britain.
    "Should it be necessary to take action ... Before December
31, 1988, it will not apply to dividends paid before the date
of the announcement of such action. If it is necessary to take
action thereafter, it will not apply to dividends on or before
December 31, 1988," Lamont said.
    The Reagan Administratian published draft legislation late
in 1985 to limit states use of unitary taxation to the profits
made inside the U.S., Known as the "water's edge" method.
    In response to that draft legislation, Britain agreed to
defer initiating action under its Finance Act 1985 - but only
on the understanding that legislation to resolve the unitary
tax issue would be made law and take effect from end-December
1986.
    Then the U.S. Administration said in September 1986 that it
had decided not to pursue Federal legislation, in view of the
passing of legislation in California.
    Britain, however, considers the California legislation
unsatisfactory, not least because U.K. Business will have to
pay a fee for the right of not being assessed by the unitary
tax method, government sources said.
 Reuter

Middle South Utilities Inc will not
consider payment of a common stock dividend until there is
another ruling on a Mississippi Supreme Court order rolling
back rates at the company's Mississippi Power and Light Co
subsidiary, chairman Edwin Lupberger said.
    He told security analysts Middle South was close to
recommending resumption of the common stock dividend when the
Mississippi court ordered the rate rollback. Following the
order, he noted, the unit cancelled a planned sale of preferred
stock. Middle South has petitioned the court for a rehearing or
a stay of the order while it is being appealed.

 Reuter

Monarch Capital corp said
its board has called its convertible preferred stock for
redemption on May Eight.
    The company said shareholders may exchange the preferred
shares for shares of new nonconvertible preferred stock with a
dividend of five dlrs to 6.40 dlrs per share, convert them into
common stock at a rate of 0.8 common share for each preferred
share or allow the preferred to be redeemed for 46.51 dlrs per
share.
 Reuter

Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp said
it sold its controlling interest in its French foam insulation
producing subsidiary to a Lafarege Corp &lt;LAF> subsidiary.
    Owens-Corning said it sold its interest in Sentuc Porxpan
SA for an undisclosed price.
 Reuter

Argentine grain producers again
reduced their estimates for the total yield of the 1986/87
soybean crop, which will begin to be harvested in mid-April,
trade sources said.
    They said growers now forecast soybean production this
season at between 7.5 and 7.8 mln tonnes, down from last week's
estimate of 7.7 to eight mln tonnes and the 8.0 to 8.4 mln
tonnes forecast in mid-February.
    The new forecast is still higher than last season's record
total production.
    Private sources put 1985/86 production at a record 7.2 to
7.3 mln tonnes -- 4.2 to 6.4 pct lower than the new forecast
for the current crop. The official figure for 1985/86 is 7.1
mln tonnes, 5.6 to 9.9 pct below this season's new estimates.
    Growers in the past week discovered more empty soybean pods
in the main producing areas of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe
provinces and northern Buenos Aires.
    The crop since January has been hit by high temperatures
and inadequate rainfall. Growers fear they may find more empty
pods and have to further reduce their forecasts of total yield.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 to
3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct higher than the 1985/86
record of 3.34 mln hectares.
    The state of the crop continued to be good in general until
last week but intense, heavy rains since could have caused
damage in areas where rainfall was higher than 100 mm.
    Where the rains were less heavy they were considered
beneficial although too late to improve yield estimates.
    The rains also benefitted maize and sorghum crops in
southern Buenos Aires province but are not expected to
influence production forecasts.
    In other areas, especially western Buenos Aires, where
rainfall was more than 200 mm, parts of the sunflower, maize
and sorghum crops not yet harvested may have been damaged.
    The coarse grain crop harvest was interrupted last week by
rains which also reached over 100 mm in parts of Cordoba, La
Pampa and Santa Fe and almost 90 mm in parts of Entre Rios.
    The area sown with maize this season was between 3.58 and
3.78 mln hectares, two to seven pct less than the 3.85 mln
hectares in 1985/86.
    The yield of 1986/87 maize continued to be forecast at
between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes.
    This estimate is 19.8 to 20.2 pct lower than the 12.4 to
12.6 mln tonnes at which private sources put 1985/86 production
and 21.1 to 22.7 pct lower than the official 12.8 mln tonnes.
    The sunflowerseed harvest has covered 23 to 26 pct of the
area sown and continues in parts of central Buenos Aires
although at a standstill elsewhere due to rain and floods.
    A resumption of full harvesting and assessment of damage is
impossible until rains stop and a spell of a week to 10 days of
sunshine dries the fields.
    The area sown this season was 2.0 to 2.2 mln hectares, down
29.9 to 36.3 pct on last year's record 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflowerseed 1986/87 production is still forecast at 2.3
to 2.6 mln tonnes, 34.1 to 41.5 pct below the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln tonnes.
    The grain sorghum harvest was the least affected by the
rains, advancing steadily in Santa Fe and Cordoba and starting
in La Pampa to cover 14 to 16 pct of the total area sown.
    The area sown was 1.23 to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3 to 15.2
pct less than the 1.45 mln hectares the previous season.
    Yield estimates remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes, 16.7 to
22 pct down on 1985/86 production of 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss three cts vs loss four cts
    Oper loss 40,870 vs loss 39,827
    Revs 584,855 vs 727,432
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss two cts vs loss two cts
    Oper loss 24,311 vs loss 26,947
    Revs 1,246,992 vs 1,497,251
    NOTE: Current periods exclude net gain of 150,865 dlrs from
termination of retirement plan for salaried employees. Also
excludes gain of 83,100 dlrs from in current qtr and gain
90,400 dlrs in six mths from benefit of tax loss carryforwards.
    Company went public in September 1986.
 Reuter

Cyclops Corp said the three
members of its board appointed last week by &lt;Dixons Group PLC>
had resigned and that it named three Cyclops executives to
replace them.
    Cyclops said the moves followed the announcement earlier
today by Dixons that it received only 20 pct of Cyclops
outstanding common stock under an extended tender offer that
expired yesterday.
    Dixons initially ended its 90.25 dlr a share tender offer
on March 17 after receiving 54 pct of Cyclops shares.
    However, the Securities and Exchange Commission last Friday
pressed Dixons to reopen the offer because the U.K.-based
company had dropped a condition that at least 80 pct of Cyclops
stock be tendered by the close of the offer.
    Dixons then extended the offer until yesterday and earlier
today indicated that a substantial number of tendered Cyclops
shares had been withdrawn, leaving it with only 852,000 shares,
or just over 20 pct of the roughly 4.26 mln Cyclops shares
outstanding.
    Dixons said today that it purchased the tendered shares,
which, when combined with the shares it already holds, gives it
a 21.7 pct stake in Cyclops.
    Cyclops said its reconstituted board includes the three
newly named directors and five outside directors, all of whom
were on the board prior to Dixons tender offer.
    The three Cyclops directors were replaced by Dixons
appointees on March 17 under an agreement reached between the
two companies.
 Reuter

The chairman of the U.S. Senate
committee with jurisdiction over trade said he was concerned
about a resolution on bilateral trade negotiations adopted by
the Canadian House of Commons last week.
    The resolution supports negotiation of a bilateral trading
agreement with the United States while protecting Canadian
political sovereignty, social programs, agricultural marketing
systems, the auto industry and Canada's cultural identity.
    Senate Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Bentsen said the
resolution may jeopardize the viability of the proposed free
trade agreement between the two countries, which are each
other's largest trading partners.
    "We need a truly free trade agreement, which means both
countries have to work toward a deal that is mutually
beneficial and comprehensive, a large agreement," the Texas
Democrat said in a statement.
    "I do not question Canada's right to protect its political
sovereignty or cultural identity. However, if these phrases
mean the government of Canada means to take important economic
issues off the table in these negotiations, I am deeply
concerned," he added.
    Bentsen said Canada restricts trade 15 different ways while
the United States uses only six trade restriction methods. He
said if Canada proposes an agreement where both countries get
rid of six methods of trade restriction, it would not be fair
and might not win Senate approval.
    "I am deeply concerned that when the President visits Prime
Minister (Brian) Mulroney next month, he will be presented with
this kind of argument, and I hope he makes it clear -- as I did
when I was in Canada -- that only a mutually beneficial
agreement will be successful," Bentsen said.
    Reagan and Mulroney are scheduled to meet April 5-6 in
Ottawa.
    Bentsen urged Mulroney to withdraw a proposal that would
ban imports of independently produced films into Canada by
non-Canadians, which the senator called a protectionist
measure.
 Reuter

Merck and Co Inc said its
veterinary drug Heartgard-30 for the prevention of heartworm
disease in dogs has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration.
    The company said the drug will be availiable only through
licensed veterinarians.
 Reuter

Shr 79 cts vs 5.05 dlrs
    Net 5,628,000 vs 35,936,000
    Revs 41.8 mln vs 39.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.32 dlrs vs 7.24 dlrs
    Net 16,524,000 vs 51,541,000
    Revs 160.2 mln vs 114.9 mln
    Note:  Current qtr figures include securities gain of 2.1
mln dlrs, or 29 cts per share, vs gain of 34.3 mln dlrs, or
4.81 dlrs per share.
    Current year figures include security gain of 4.6 mln dlrs,
or 64 cts per share, vs gain of 41.5 mln dlrs, or 5.83 dlrs per
share.
 Reuter

 expects 1987 earnings
to rise to 1.20-1.40 dlrs a share from 91 cts a share last
year, with revenues climbing to about 430 mln dlrs from last
year's 350 mln dlrs, president Alex Taylor said before the
annual meeting.
    SNC, Canada's second biggest engineering and construction
group, became the country's largest ammunition manufacturer
last year with its 90 mln dlr acquisition of Canadian Arsenals
Ltd from the Canadian government.
    The impact of that and several smaller deals will be felt
fully in 1987, Taylor said.
    Defense preoducts and other manufacturing operations will
account for more than half SNC's total 1987 revenues, helping
to counterbalance the more cyclical engineering and
construction acivities, Taylor said.
    Last year, SNC earned 8.7 mln dlrs, including a small
extraordinary gain.
    In 1987, a total manufacturing activities will generate
about 235 mln dlrs in revenues, and engineering and
construction about 200 mln dlrs, he said, adding that defense
products operations should be a major contributor to earnings.
 Reuter

International Minerals and
Chemical Corp said its board approved a 50-mln-dlr budget to be
spent over the next several years to build production
facilities for a newly developed product to be used to improve
the lean weight of hogs.
    The new product, porcine somatotropin (PST) is described as
a natural bio-synthetic protein that improves the lean weight
and rate of weight gain, as well as reduces the cost of feed
for market hogs, the company said.
    Specific details of the PST production project, including
sites for the proposed facilities and engineering plans, were
not disclosed.
    International Minerals said it set a completion target for
the spring of 1989, by which time necessary Food and Drug
Administration approvals are expected to be obtained.
 Reuter

ICN Pharmaceutical Inc said
it did not view Eastman Kodak Co's &lt;EK> decision to sell its
2.3 pct share of ICN's common stock as having any effect on the
status of its drug ribavirin or the previously reported ongoing
development of that drug in the antiviral field.
    ICN recently submitted data to the Food and Drug
Administration on studies using its antiviral drug ribavirin
for treating some AIDS-related disorders.
    In a statement, ICN also said the sale will not effect its
previously announced plans to seek an acquisition of a major
pharmaceutical company.
    ICN also said the planned sale will have no effect on its
long-term research partnership with Kodak and Kodak's continued
funding of the Nucleic Acid Research Institute.
    Two years ago Kodak agreed to invest 45 mln dlrs over six
years to form and operate a venture with ICN to explore new
biomedical compounds. It acquired a 2.3 pct stake in ICN as a
result of that agreement.
    ICN said Kodak today confirmed to ICN its continuing
confidence in the progress of the joint project.
    ICN also said although there were discussions today between
ICN and Kodak regarding a private sale of the shares to ICN, no
decision has been made on this matter.
 Reuter

France's right-wing government now
expects to raise about 40 billion francs this year from its
privatisation program, 10 billion more than it targetted, Prime
Minister Jacques Chirac said.
    The success of the program, launched late last year, meant
the government would be able to go beyond the 30 billion franc
figure it estimated in its 1987 budget, he said in a television
interview.
    About 75 pct of the additional revenue would be used to cut
state debt and 25 pct to provide additional funds for public
sector investment, he said.
    Chirac said Finance Minister Edouard Balladur proposed to
make two billion francs of supplementary funding available for
a five biillion franc accelerated motorway building program.
    The remaining three billion francs for this would come from
a motorway loan now in the domestic market.
    Balladur also proposed to make some extra cash available to
the French national railways, SNCF, for the construction of
high-speed rail track, and to boost research in the aerospace
industry, he added.
    An estimated 15,000 jobs would be generated by speeding up
motorway construction, Chirac said.
    Reaffirming his long term strategy of cutting the state
sector deficit and easing taxes, Chirac repeated government
pledges to cut the corporate tax rate to 42 pct from 45 pct in
the 1988 budget.
    Personal income tax would also be reduced but details had
still to be worked out, he added.
    The government aimed to make France the leading economic
power in Western Europe within five years, he told his
television interviewer.
 Reuter

The Reserve Bank of Australia this morning
cut the rediscount rate from 17.30 pct to 17.00 pct.
    The rediscount is the rate at which the bank buys back
treasury notes.
    Market sources said the cut reflected the recent easing in
market interest rates. They also pointed to yesterday's
treasury note tender where the 400 mln dlrs of 13-week notes
went at an average yield of 15.473 pct, down from 15.870 last
week. The 100 mln dlrs of 26-week notes went at an average
15.414 from 15.790 last week.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker
declined to comment on whether President Reagan would reappoint
Paul Volcker to a third term as chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board.
    "I spent four years and two weeks in the White House job 
refusing to comment on personnel matters," he said in an
interview with the Cable News Network. "I'm not going to change
now."
    But Baker did say Volcker has "done a tremendous job" and
added they get on "extremely well", both when he was White House
chief of staff and during his term at Treasury.
    When asked whether he differed with Volcker on
international economic policy, Baker said "there's really no
difference of opinion between us with respect to these matters."
    In other comments, Baker said he did not think a tax rise
was a good idea and nor did President Reagan. But he believed
Congress would enact some spending cuts. "The minute you say
raise taxes, all restraints on spending go by the board."
    He once again pointed out that taxes were 19 pct of gnp but
spending was at 24 pct, a statistic he used to argue strongly
for spending cuts.
 reuter

The House of Representatives
Appropriations Committee yesterday approved 300 mln dlrs in
economic aid for four Central American states, 50 mln dlrs to
black-led states neighbouring South Africa and 50 mln dlrs in
military assistance for the Philippines.
    The programmes, part of 1.3 billion dlr supplemental budget
request by the Reagan administration to restore funds cut
earlier by Congress, must be approved by Congress.
    The committee rejected the administration's request for
21.6 mln dlrs as the U.S. Contribution to U.N. Peace-keeping
troops in Lebanon.
    The 300 mln dlrs will go to El Salvador, Honduras,
Guatemala and Costa Rica while another 12 mln dlrs was
allocated to replace the earthquake-damaged U.S. Embassy in San
Salvador.
    The 50 mln dlrs approved for a "Southern Africa" initiative
is part of a larger programme promised by the Reagan
administration last year when it tried unsuccessfully to block
sanctions approved by Congress against South Africa's
white-minority government.
 REUTER


******Hoechst AG 1986 world group pretax profit 3.21 billion marks vs 3.16 billion
Blah blah blah.




******BANK OF FRANCE LAUNCHES MONEY MARKET INTERVENTION TENDER - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



The Bank of France said it set a money
market intervention tender today to inject funds to the market
against first category paper.
    Money market sources said the surprise announcement might
herald a quarter percentage point cut in the central bank
intervention rate from the 7-3/4 pct level set March 10, but
they added such a cut was relatively unlikely.
    The intervention rate was cut from eight pct on March 10
after being raised from 7-1/4 pct on January 2 to head off
speculative pressure against the franc.
    Dealers said market fundamentals could justify a further
easing, but a combination of technical factors and renewed
currency uncertainties surrounding the dollar had put
short-term upside pressure on interest rates in recent
sessions.
    Call money rose yesterday to 7-7/8 eight pct from 7-3/4 7/8
pct. Today it was first indicated at 8-1/8 1/4 before easing on
news of the tender to 7-13/16 7/8 pct.
    Technical factors making for a slight shortage of liquidity
in the market included the settlement yesterday of the latest
monthly treasury tap stock tender, on March 5, market sources
said.
 REUTER

China will have a budget deficit of
8.017 billion yuan in calendar 1987 compared with a 7.08
billion deficit in 1986, Finance Minister Wang Bingqian said.
    He told the National People's Congress, the State Council
has decided to cut nearly all 1987 budgetary expenditures by 10
pct from the 1986 level. He said expenditures for the past two
years have been inflated.
    Investment by localities in capital construction in 1987
must fall by 50 pct from the 1986 level and state firms must
cut their losses by 30 pct, he said.
    China will use 14.6 billion yuan in foreign loans in 1987,
up from 7.87 billion in 1986, Wang said.
    It must cut back on investment in capital construction,
especially construction outside the state plan, he said. Funds
must go into energy, transport, telecommunications, raw and
semi-finished materials and not into non-production sectors.
    "In view of the country's financial difficulties this year,
it has been decided that seven billion yuan of the budgetary
allocation for capital construction will be raised by the
People's Bank through loans and the issuing of bonds," he said.
    Wang said all localities and departments must strictly
confine their 1987 capital investment to the amount set out in
the state budget, a 50 pct reduction from 1986 levels.
    He said that because of financial difficulties, the state
cannot increase spending on culture, education, science and
public health in 1987 at the same rate as over the past few
years. Expenditure in those sectors will rise by two pct.
    The only allocations not to be affected by the general 10
pct cutback are subsidies for price rises, repayment of
principal and interest on domestic and foreign loans, funds for
the disabled and spending for other social relief.
    Wang said state firms must cut their total losses by 30 pct
from the 1986 level, overhead expenses by 10 pct and raw
material consumption by two pct. Commercial firms must cut
their deficits by 20 pct and running costs by two pct.
    He said violations of financial and economic discipline are
common, including tax evasion, false accounting, embezzlement,
theft, extravagance and accepting and offering bribes. Such
practices "have reached very serious proportions in some areas,
departments and units" and must be dealt with seriously, he
said.
    Wang said 11.4 billion yuan worth of foreign loans have
been arranged according to the 1986-90 plan, with 3.2 billion
going to pay for foreign equipment in the Baoshan steel plant
near Shanghai.
    He said China is running no risk in using more foreign
loans, provided it prepares careful feasibility studies,
borrows only what it can repay and uses the loans only to
develop production in priority sectors.
    Wang said China plans to levy new taxes on the use of
arable land for non-farm purposes starting this year. Half the
revenue generated will go to the state and half to localities
to be used in the development of agriculture.
    The only new spending is 11 billion yuan to be used to
cover tax reductions and increased subsidies for big and
medium-size state firms and textile and other light industries.
The money will also pay for increases in the state purchasing
prices of some grain, cotton and oil-yielding crops, he said.
 REUTER

 said it
intended to make a tender offer for the 45 pct of Standard Oil
Co &lt;SRD.N> it does not already own at 70 dlrs a share cash, for
a total of 7.4 billion if the offer is fully accepted.
    The offer would be made through its &lt;BP North America Inc>
unit and was intended to commence not later than April 1. The
offer would not be conditional on any minimum number of shares
being tendered.
    BP said in a statement the 70 dlr a share price was based
on its own valuation as well as those of its financial
advisers. It took into account reviews of both public and
non-public information.
    Standard closed in New York last night at 64-7/8 dlrs, down
1-3/4 dlrs.
    BP shares dropped on the announcement to 877p from 888p at
last night's close.
    About a third of the cash payable would be met from BP's
own resources.
    The remainder would come from new borrowings, partly from
banks under a four-year committed revolving credit facility and
partly from a a new U.S. Dlr commercial paper programme. The
company said it was in the course of arranging these
facilities.
    BP Chairman Sir Peter Walters said that the group's
investment in Standard was its largest single asset. Full
ownership would enable investment and operating decisions to be
made without the limitations of a minority interest.
    BP also believed the acquisition represented the optimum
use of its financial resources. It was confident oil prices
were likely to remain within a range sufficient to justify the
investment.
    Walters added that it also felt that, due to management
changes in 1986, Standard could now operate successfully even
in a lower oil price environment.
    Standard's net assets at end-1986 were 7.02 billion dlrs
and in the year it reported a loss of 1.08 billion dlrs before
tax and before an extraordinary item of 608 mln dlrs.
    Analysts said that the move by BP had come as a surprise.
One noted that it was not immediately clear why the group
should spend so much money buying a company it already
controlled.
    BP could also have bought up the remainder of Standard
shares considerably cheaper had it moved six months ago.
    It was also unclear what effect the tender would have on
the U.K. Government's recent announcement that it intended to
dispose of its remaining 31.7 pct stake in BP sometime in the
1987/88 financial year, analysts said.
    Analyst Paul Spedding of brokers Kleinwort Grieveson noted
that any effect on the government sale of its stake in BP would
depend on the reaction of the markets.
    The deal would probably push BP's gearing up to around 59
pct from 20 pct currently, he said.
    However, with the likelihood that oil prices would not
repeat last year's rapid drop the prospects for Standard
returning to profitability this year -- and BP benefitting from
its cash flow -- were good.
    Standard was a high cost oil producer, the analysts noted.
    Spedding noted that it needed about 12 dlrs a barrel to
make money, and at about 15 dlrs a barrel revenue from
production and its downstream activities would push it
comfortably into surplus.
    BP initially took a stake in Standard following the
discovery of oil in Alaska's Prudhoe bay in 1969. BP had
inadequate distribution facilities in the U.S. While Standard,
which was strong on marketing and refining, was short on crude
oil.
    The analysts said that BP had promoted a major management
reorganisation of Standard in the past year.
    The probability that much of the shake-up at Standard was
now complete was one possible factor behind the timing of the
tender offer, Spedding said.
    BP's willingness to take hard decisions such as major
balance sheet write offs and the sale of assets had been well
received in the markets.
    The lower costs that should now be possible -- especially
after the rationalisation of the loss making minerals division
-- should allow the benefits of an oil price recovery to come
straight through to 1987 profits without being cut back by
other sectors.
 REUTER

An unnamed Norwegian firm agreed to
buy 100,000 tonnes of alumina a year from a refinery in eastern
Orissa state due to start operations in the next 12 months, a
Commerce Ministry official told Reuters.
    He said the state-owned National Aluminium Co, which owns
the plant, and the state-owned Mineral and Metals Trading Corp
signed its first long-term export agreement with the company,
but gave no further details.
    Of the plant's 800,000 tonnes annual capacity, 425,000 will
be smelted into 218,000 tonnes of aluminium and the remaining
375,000 will be exported, the official said.
 REUTER

Parent company 1986 net profit 202.55 mln francs vs 171.31
mln
    Dividend 13.02 francs vs same, including 4.34 francs tax
credit.
    (Note -  company earlier reported consolidated net profit
315.9 mln francs vs 302.08 mln and consolidated attributable
profit of 293.3 mln vs 266.6 mln.)
 REUTER

 anticipates a good
fourth quarter and a new peak in sales and earnings for the
fiscal year ending April 30, president Peter Widdrington told
financial analysts.
    He would not make any specific forecast, but said he was
optimistic for further growth in fiscal 1988 in the company's
brewing and food products operations.
    Labatt's earnings rose to 92.8 mln dlrs in the nine months
ended January 31 from year-earlier 78 mln dlrs. Revenue for the
nine months rose to 3.20 billion dlrs from 2.70 billion dlrs.
    Widdrington said Labatt's three-year business plan, now
being updated, targets total sales of about six billion dlrs,
including 2.50 billion dlrs in the U.S.
    Labatt, Canada's leading brewer, has expanded in the U.S.
food products industry by acquisitions.
    Widdrington said Labatt's strategy for U.S. expansion
stemmed partly from its strong market position in the Canadian
food and beverage industry. The U.S. share of revenues for this
year will be about 35 pct, rising to 40 pct in fiscal 1988, he
said.
 Reuter

Shell Oil Co of Houston has been
awarded a 104.3 mln dlr contract for jet fuel, the Defense
Logistics Agency said.
 REUTER

Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts prior qtr
    Pay April 17
    Record April 9.

 Reuter

International Minerals and
Chemical Corp said its board approved a 50 mln dlrs budget over
the next several years to build production facilities for a
newly developed product to be used to improve the lean weight
of hogs.
    The new product, porcine somatotropin (PST) is described as
a natural bio-synthetic protein that improves the lean weight
and rate of weight gain, as well as reduces the cost of feed
for market hogs, the company said.
    Specific details of the PST production project, including
sites for proposed facilities and engineering plans, were not
disclosed. International Minerals said it set a completion
target for the spring of 1989, by which time necessary Food and
Drug Administration approvals are expected to be obtained.
 Reuter

TransCanada PipeLines Ltd said it will
redeem all 1.6 mln outstanding cumulative redeemable
retractable first preferred shares, series F on May 1, 1987 at
a price of 52 dlrs a share, or a total of 83.2 mln dlrs.
    The regular quarterly dividend of 1.795 dlrs a share
payable May 1, 1987 to shareholders of record March 31, will be
mailed separately from the notice of redemption, the company
said.
 Reuter

Anchor Savings Bank said its
subscription offering was fully subscribed, precluding an
underwritten public offering of Anchor stock.
    The company, which will be traded on Nasdaq under the
symbol &lt;ABKR>, said final tabulation has not been completed.
    The offering was made in connection with Anchor's
conversion from a federally chartered mutual savings bank to a
federally chartered stock savings bank, it said.
    The bank offered 15.3 mln shares of common stock at 8.50
dlrs to 11.50 dlrs a share, with the possible issuance of up to
an additional 2,295,000 shares, it said.
    The company said trading in the bank stock will not
commence until all regulatory requirements have been completed.
    Anchor said it had total assets of 7.3 billion dlrs as of
June 30, 1986.
    It said shares were offered to bank depositors, borrowers
and through a direct mail campaign.
 Reuter

Campbell Resources Inc said it raised
its voting stake in &lt;Meston Lake Resources Inc> to about 64 pct
from 52 pct through acquisition of another 870,000 Meston Lake
shares in its previously reported takeover bid.
    Campbell, in its bid that expired March 23, offered 80 cts
cash and 1.25 "legended" Campbell shares for each Meston share.
The legended shares are not tradeable for one year.
    It said the 3.4 mln Meston shares not tendered in the offer
were held by about 550 stockholders, including Quebec's La
Societe de developpement de la Baie James, with 1.3 mln shares.
 Reuter

A senior representative of the
financially-troubled U.S. farm credit system is expected for
the first time tomorrow to ask Congress to provide assurances
that stock held by system borrowers will be guaranteed.
    Farm credit sources said Brent Beesley, president of the
Farm Credit Corporation which represents the system, will make
the request at a Senate Agriculture subcommittee hearing.
    They said Beesley would ask Congress to take some action to
assure borrowers the stock is secure. But Beesley is expected
to stop short of requesting other forms of government aid.
    Borrowers from the farm credit system hold some four
billion dlrs in system stock which could be devalued if the
mounting losses of the system persist, officials said.
    Beesley's request expected tomorrow is seen as the first
official acknowledgment from the system itself that federal aid
will be needed to guarantee the value of the stock.
    Yesterday, Jim Billington, a member of the Farm Credit
Administration board which regulates the system, said Congress
should plan to spend at least 800 mln dlrs beginning late this
year to bail-out the system.
    Congress is moving swiftly toward legislation to aid the
system. Sen. James McClure, R-Idaho, has drafted a resolution
which would put the Senate on record as guaranteeing the value
of farm credit system stock. The resolution may be brought to
the Senate floor soon, Congressional sources said.
    In addition to requesting a guarantee of borrower stock,
Beesley is expected tomorrow to endorse the creation of a
secondary market, called "Aggie-mae" by some proponents, for
the resale of farm real estate loans.
    Sources said the farm credit system will support the idea
if the system is included in the operation of the market.
    Farm credit sources said the system decided to request a
guarantee of borrower stock at a meeting this week in Denver of
the 12 presidents of farm credit system districts.
    Beesley's testimony to the Congressional hearing tomorrow
will not include any new financial forecast of system losses,
officials said.
    Chairman of the FCA, Frank Naylor, yesterday said the
system may lose as much as 1.4 billion dlrs this year.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Services Inc said it
downgraded 200 mln dlrs of long-term debt of Zenith Electronics
Corp.
    Cut were Zenith's senior debt to Ba-2 from Baa-3,
convertible subordinated debt to B-1 from Ba-2 and commercial
paper to Not-Prime from Prime-3.
    Moody's cited the company's overall losses.
    The agency also said it believes that future profits in the
consumer electronics business will be limited because of
intense competition from international market participants.
    Moody's pointed out that Zenith's total debt increased
sharply over the past year and is being serviced by weak cash
flow.
    A spokesman for Zenith criticized the action.
    "The company believes the downgrade is unwarranted.
Operating results for 1986 improved over 1985 and Zenith was
profitable in the second half of 1986," he said.
 Reuter

The United States remained isolated among
the Inter-American Development Bank's 44 members as the Bank
ended its annual meeting here today without agreement on U.S.
proposals to reform the regional lending institution.
    The three-day meeting was dominated by the dispute and by
the failure of Brazil and its creditor banks to make any
breakthrough on debt talks after Brasilia suspended interest
payments last month.
    Brazil's Central Bank governor Francisco Gros said after
talks with its 14-bank advisory committee here yesterday that
it could not make a token interest payment now, as sought by
banks, but would maintain contact with the banks.
    Delegates agreed to shelve discussion of IADB reforms until
the half-yearly International Monetary Fund and World Bank
meetings in two weeks time in Washington at which a decision
will be urgently sought in order to maintain credit flows to
the recession-hit region.
    "The Bank cannot maintain an adequate lending level unless
it is given increased resources," IADB president Antonio Ortiz
Mena told a press conference.
    Ortiz Mena said 42 countries opposed Washington's proposal
to lower veto power over loans to 35 pct of the Bank's voting
shares from a simple majority as at present.
    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said Monday the United
States, as 34.5 pct shareholder and provider of the bulk of the
Bank's resources, should have more say in approving loans and
conditioned a nine billion dlr increase in its contribution on
approving the reforms.
    But Ortiz Mena said Latin America and the non-regional
members including Europe and Japan had all supported a 40 pct
veto level. Canada declined to state a position.
    Behind the dispute was a U.S. attempt to radically change
the direction of the Bank, which has lent 35 billion dlrs to
Latin America in its 28 years, and give it a bigger role in the
current debt strategy with increased lending but more stringent
conditions attached.
    But Ortiz said the Bank cannot divert too much of its
resources to so-called sectoral lending, whereby loans to
specific sectors are tied to economic reforms, because this
could affect the Bank's Triple A rating as a borrower in world
markets.
    "For this reason we have agreed to limit sectoral loans to
25 pct of the total, leaving the rest for investment in
projects," he said.
    Ortiz Mena earlier told the Bank's closing session that as
a result of negotiations here, the Bank can expect a new
injection of about 25 billion dlrs for the period 1987-90.
    The United States has said it will only be able to support
a level close to the sixth replenishment of funds, which came
to 15.7 billion dlrs, unless its proposals are accepted.
    But despite the impasse, some Latin American delegates
including Mexican Finance Minister Gustavo Petricioli said they
were optimistic a compromise agreement could be reached next
month.
 Reuter

The possibility that a major earthquake
will strike Tokyo, causing corporate and financial ruin, haunts
the worst nightmares of many insurers and bankers polled by
Reuters.
    The Japanese capital is shaken by hundreds of small tremors
every year, but last week's biq quake in western Japan, which
measured 6.9 on the open-ended Richter scale, was a timely
reminder that the big one could come at any time.
    Another on Tuesday registering a preliminary 6.5 on the
scale struck the Sea of Japan coast northwest of Tokyo.
    A widely accepted theory by the late seismologist Kawasumi
Hiroshi states that major quakes occur in cycles averaging 69
years. Tokyo was last laid flat in 1923 by a tremor reading
7.8, raising the spectre of another within five years.
    Seismic experts at Shizuoka, one of three areas near Tokyo
considered quake-prone, say they expect a major earthquake
within the next few years.
    Added to such fears is the fact that no developed nation
has suffered a major quake since the far-reaching changes in
the last two decades which have bound the global economy into a
complex, fragile, interdependent financial network.
    "We are reaching a dangerous time. Insurance companies are
starting to worry about how to cover the large losses," said
Hatsuho Narita, a manager at the British Insurance Group.
    "It's a theme that has worried a lot of people. It's
difficult to put a figure on it, but the impact on all world
markets would be considerable," Brian Waterhouse, a banking
expert at brokerage James Capel in Tokyo, told Reuters.
    What would happen?
    Consider that Tokyo and its six surrounding prefectures
account for up to 40 pct of Japanese gross national product, or
some six pct of world GNP.
    Some economists believe that in the immediate aftermath of
a Tokyo quake, the yen would rise against sterling because of
the large amount of reinsurance which would fall due in London.
But it would plunge against other currencies.
    This would worsen the dramatic loss of value in land and
assets in the Tokyo area. Banks would be left holding hundreds
of billions of dollars in worthless mortgages and loans.
    Bankers estimate that 50 to 70 pct of city and regional
banks' loan exposure is to smaller business, which would most
likely lose all in a quake. Up to nine pct of their exposure is
in housing and consumer loans, they said.
    Many smaller banks and some larger ones would go to the
wall, bankers polled by Reuters said.
    The government, aware that insurance claims would be huge,
has set a payout ceiling of 10 mln yen per private house. In
Tokyo, 100 mln yen buys only a very modest residence.
    In addition, the insurance industry has formed the Japan
Earthquake Reinsurance Co to cover housing to a total of 10
billion dlrs, 80 pct of it government-guaranteed.
    However, insurers said the industrial sector, which has no
government backing, is a more dangerous risk.
    Japanese insurers said they are finding it increasingly
difficult to find reinsurance abroad.
    "Overseas firms are now very alert to earthquake insurance
risks," said Tahashi Kumakiri, Foreign Department head at the
Japan Non-life Insurance Association.
    Due to limited world insurance capacity, the Finance
Ministry recommends a coverage limit of 15 to 30 pct of
Japanese firms' total insurable value.
    Even so, one insurer believes that local firms reinsure up
to 80 pct of their quake cover overseas, most of it through
Lloyds of London.
    Some of this reinsurance is then reinsured again,
compounding the risks should the money suddenly be called in.
    Foreign entities in Japan are allowed 100 pct quake cover
but foreign insurers now set a limit of 60 pct.
    Industrial cover is confidential but official figures show
that in fiscal 1985/86 ended March 31, Japan did about half a
billion dlrs of overseas reinsurance business in fire cover,
most of which is quake-related.
    Bankers said the destruction of underlying assets and
repatriation of huge amounts of Japanese overseas investment
would seriously affect overseas stock and bond markets.
    Japanese institutions buy a net 10 billion dlrs or so of
foreign bonds a month, much of it U.S. Treasuries, and are
purchasing more and more U.S. And European stocks. The value of
foreign holdings of Japanese securities would nosedive.
    Japan would need huge amounts of money over a long period
to rebuild, which would block out developing nation creditors
from existing capital resources, the bankers said.
    Loss of central computers would mean billions in lost
transactions, bankers noted.
    Oil traders said crude prices would plummet as imports fell
by up to half from some three mln barrels per day now.
 REUTER

The Federal Statistics Office will
today publish trade and current account figures for February, a
spokeswoman said in reply to queries.
    In January the current account surplus provisionally
narrowed to 4.9 billion marks from 8.5 billion in December. The
provisional January trade surplus narrowed to 7.2 billion marks
from a record 11.6 billion marks the month before.
    In February 1986 the current account had shown a 6.85
billion mark surplus and the trade account a 6.84 billion
surplus.
 REUTER

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
affirmed Mack Trucks Inc's 40 mln dlrs of BB-plus senior debt.
    The agency cited expectations that Mack's profitability
will improve over the marginal levels of last year. S and P
noted that extensive cost-cutting programs are under way at
Mack, including the relocation of truck assembly operations to
a new plant in South Carolina from Allentown, Pa.
    S and P said that with an improved cost structure, Mack can
compete more vigorously for market share without reverting to a
loss position. In addition, cash flow from operations should
benefit from planned working capital reductions.
 Reuter

One of a pair of private investors
in Frost and Sullivan Inc told the Securities and Exchange
Commission he increased his stake in the firm by about two pct,
to 15.4 pct.
    He is Theodore Cross, Princeton, N.J., editor of Business
and Society Review.
    The other investor is Mason Slaine, Cos Cob, Mass,
president of Dealers' Digest Inc.  He holds a 3.3 pct stake.
    Cross told the SEC he bought the new shares at between 7.75
and 8.0 dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr not given
    Net loss 406.6 mln vs profit 35.4 mln
    Revs 138.1 mln vs 211.9 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes 545.7 mln dlr asset writedown
before 139.2 mln dlr recovery of deferred taxes.
    48 pct-owned by Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>.
 Reuter

Asta Group Inc said its 50 pct
owned Liberty Service Corp affiliate has purchased about 50 mln
dlrs face value of credit card installment receivables from a
major financial institution it did not name for a significant
discount from face value.
    It said the portfolio consists mostly of charged off loans.
    The company also said it expects to realize a profit of
about 300,000 dlrs on its 25 pct interest in the Briarcliff
Manor condominium project in New York, with about 140,000 dlrs
of the profit being reflected in the year ending September 30.
 Reuter

Newmont Gold Corp expects gold sales
in 1987 to rise about 22 pct to 577,000 ounces from 1986's
474,000 ounces, the company said in its annual report.
    Newmont Gold, 95 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp, said it
expects significant increases in gold sales in 1988 and 1989 as
well.
 Reuter

Utah Power and Light Co said it filed
an application with the Idaho Public Utilities Commission to
refinance preferred stock that was issued when interest rates
were higher.
    Subject to approval, the utility plans to sell nearly 95
mln dlrs of first mortgage bonds in the second quarter to
redeem all of its outstanding Series F, H and I preferred.
    It will buy back the Series F at 26.61 dlrs per share,
Series H at 27.03 dlrs and Series I at 27.32 dlrs, plus accrued
dividends. Similar applications will be filed with the Utah and
Wyoming public utility commissions, Utah Power said.
 Reuter

A Belgian finance ministry spokesman
said new rules planned on insider trading would enable
offenders to be fined and imprisoned for up to a year, and be
compelled to forfeit gains.
    The new rules require parliamentary approval, and
government sources said it was unclear when they would come
into force. Insider trading is currently not an offence in this
country.
    The cabinet approved a separate bill that analysts said
includes provisions to make more difficult the build-up of
major new stakes in Belgian companies.
    The bill would make obligatory the declaration of major
stakes in companies quoted on the bourse with own resources of
more than 200 mln francs.
    The Minister for Economic Affairs would need to be informed
in advance of deals under which foreign interests planned to
buy a new stake of more than ten pct of the voting shares in a
large Belgian company, or to increase an existing stake to more
than 20 pct.
 REUTER

Shr 31 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 13.7 mln vs 25.2 mln
    Sales 610.9 mln vs 575.9 mln
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 44.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 57 cts vs 1.46 dlrs
    Net 25.5 mln vs 64.9 mln
    Sales 2.00 billion vs 1.92 billion
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 44.5 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes gain five cts
shr from sale of Just for Kids! and Giggletree mail order
catalogs and charges of 10 cts shr from writedowns of assets
related to the closing of linens and domestics stores and
leased departments and of leased shoe departments.
    Year net includes LIFO inventory charges six cts shr vs two
cts shr.
 Reuter

Husky Oil Ltd said the board
called a special meeting for April 22 for shareholders to vote
on its previously announced agreement for Hong Kong-based
Hutchison Whampoa Ltd and Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd to
acquire a 43 pct interest in the company.
    The acquisition requires two-thirds approval by Husky
shareholders other than &lt;Nova, An Alberta Corp>, which owns a
57 pct interest in Husky.
    If approved by shareholders, the amalgamation will take
effect April 30, Husky said.
    Following completion, Oil Term Holdings Ltd, a new company
controlled by Nova, will hold a 43 pct stake in Husky.
Hutchison and Hongkong will indirectly hold 43 pct, Victor T.K.
Li will own nine pct and &lt;Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce>
will have a five pct interest.
    Husky said a special committee of five outside directors
recommended the board approve the transaction after determining
that the deal was in the best interests of Husky and fair to
shareholders.
    Husky previously announced shareholders will have the
option to receive 11.80 Canadian dlrs cash for each common, or
6.726 dlrs cash and one common share of Oil Term Investment
Ltd, which will be controlled by Nova through Oil Term Holdings
and own an insterest in Husky.
    U.S. shareholders will be restricted to the right to
receive 11.80 Canadian dlrs cash per share, which will be paid
in U.S. funds, the company said.
 Reuter

Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay May 13
    Record April 14
    NOTE: Company said up to 20 pct of dividend payment may be
withheld in accordance with Puerto Rico tax law.
 Reuter

At least six persons, including three
soldiers, were reported wounded at the start of a general
strike in Ecuador called to press the government to suspend an
earthquake-related austerity programme.
    The information ministry said workers had partially
complied with the strike. Witnesses said bus transport ground
to a halt in Quito and schools were closed throughout the
country, but banks and shops remained open.
    Three soldiers on a military truck were burned by a
gasoline bomb, information minister Marco Lara told reuters.
    In the central city of Latacunga, three workers were
wounded in clashes with police, unionists and hospital
authorities said. The strike was called for one day but could
be extended.
 Reuter

Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Qtly 29-1/2 cts vs 29-1/2 cts prior
    Payable June 1 
    Record May 1.
 Reuter

Net 492,000 vs 677,000
    Year
    Net 2,650,000 vs 2,566,000
    NOTE: Company's full name is Indiana Federal Savings and
Loan Association. Per share information not available. Bank
went public on February 11, 1987.
 Reuter


******U.S. HOUSE PANEL ADOPTS BILL THAT COULD BAR JAPANESE PRIMARY DEALERS
Blah blah blah.



Minnesota Power and Light Co is
raising 55 mln dlrs through an offering of first and refunding
mortgage bonds due 1994 with a 7-3/4 pct coupon and par
pricing, said sole manager PaineWebber Inc.
    That is 68 basis points more than the yield of comparable
Treasury securities.
    Non-callable for five years, the issue is rated A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and A-plus by Standard and Poor's
Corp.
 Reuter

The House Energy and Commerce
Committee approved major trade legislation that will give
President Reagan authority to retaliate if negotiations to open
foreign markets to U.S. telecommunications products fail.
    The provision was part of a major trade bill the committee
approved on a vote of 26 to 15. It will be wrapped into a trade
bill being written in several House committees and due to be
considered in the full House in late April.
    The bill also requires foreign investors to file detailed
reports to the Commerce Department on their U.S. holdings in
real estate, securities or U.S. companies.
    In response to congressional concern over the Fujitsu
proposal to take control of Fairchild Semiconductor Corp., the
bill would give Reagan the power to bar foreign acquisitions of
U.S. firms if the sale threatened U.S. national security.
    The legislation would bar for one year imports of advanced
audio digital tape machines unless the recording capability is
disabled. The action was taken after the U.S. recording
industry said the new machines would lead to rampant recording
piracy and legislation was needed to protect their rights.
    The bill authorizes government spending of 100 mln dlrs a
year for five years to help pay for research by a consortia of
semiconductor manufacturers.
   
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he stood by the Paris agreement among leading industrial
nations to foster exchange rate stability around current
levels.
    "I would refer you to the Paris agreement which was a
recognition the currencies were within ranges broadly
consistent with economic fundamentals," Baker told The Cable
News Network in an interview.
    "We were quite satisfied with the agreement in Paris
otherwise we would not have been a party too it," he said.
    Baker also noted the nations agreed in the accord to
"co-operate to foster greater exchange rate stability around
those levels."
    He refused to comment directly on the current yen/dollar
rate but said flatly that foreign exchange markets recently
tended "to draw unwarranted inferences from what I say."
    Baker was quoted on British Television over the weekend as
saying he has no target for the U.S. currency, a statement that
triggered this week's renewed decline of the dollar.
    "I think the Paris agreement represents evidence that
international economic policy co-ordination is alive and well,"
Baker said.
    The Treasury Secretary stressed however it was very
important for the main surplus countries to grow as fast as
they could consistent with low inflation to resolve trade
imbalances.
    He added that Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker
has also "been very outspoken" in suggesting main trading
partners grow as fast as they can.
    Baker noted that the J-curve, the delayed beneficial effect
of a weakening of a currency on that country's trade balance,
takes 12 to 18 months to work its way through to the trade
deficit and it is now 18 months since the Plaza agreement to
lower the dollar's value.
    He also said improvements in the trade deficit should come
from other sources besides the exchange rate, and pointed out
the administration's package to improve U.S. Competitiveness
was now before Congress.
 REUTER

Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said a further yen rise would have adverse effects on the
Japanese economy.
    He told Japanese business leaders the Bank of Japan will
continue to take adequate measures, including market
intervention, to stabilize exchange rates if necessary, in
close cooperation with other major industrialized nations. He
said the current instability of exchange rates will not last.
    Six major nations - Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the
U.S. And West Germany - agreed in Paris last month to act
together to hold currencies stable.
    Sumita said the Bank of Japan will continue to pursue
adequate and flexible monetary policies while watching economic
and financial developments in and outside Japan.
    He said the decision to cut the discount rate on February
20 was a hard choice for the Bank because monetary conditions
had already been sufficiently eased.
    To prevent a resurgence of inflation, the Bank will take a
very cautious stance regarding developments stemming from easy
credit conditions, he said.
    He said the latest discount rate cut to 2.5 pct should
stabilize exchange rates and expand domestic demand.
    Commenting on the dollar's fall below 150 yen, Sumita
reiterated he cannot find any specific reason for the
currency's weakness.
    The market undertook speculative dollar selling by reacting
to overseas comments by monetary authorities and trade tension,
he said.
    Sumita repeated that the Japanese economy may gradually
recover in the latter half of the 1987/88 fiscal year ending
April 1, 1988, provided exchange rates stabilize.
 REUTER


will increase output of motorcycles, dune buggies and jet skis
to 380,000 units in the year starting April 1 from 303,000 a
year earlier, a company spokesman said.
    Exports in 1987/88 are forecast to jump to 335,000 from
271,000 a year earlier, while domestic sales will rise to
around 45,000 from 32,000, he told Reuters. Of these, exports
to the U.S. Will rise to 150,000 from 120,000 a year earlier.
    The company also plans to lift motorcycle production at its
wholly owned U.S. Subsidiary &lt;Kawasaki Motor Manufacturing
Corp> to 1985/86 levels of 75,000 from 67,000 in 1986/87.
 REUTER

Provisional world group
1986 third party turnover 15.9 billion marks vs 18.5 billion.
    Third party incoming orders 15.5 billion vs 16.9 billion.
    Orders on hand at end-1986 9.1 billion vs 10.3 billion.
    Workforce at end-1986 68,043 vs 67,402.
 REUTER

Banque Nationale de Paris Hong Kong
branch is planning a 100 mln H.K. Dlr certificate of deposit
issue with BT Asia Ltd as lead manager, banking sources said.
    They said this is the first capped FRCD issue in Hong Kong.
It is in two equal tranches. Tranche A, which matures January
9, 1993, is payable April 9 this year. Tranche B, which matures
September 15, 1992, is payable April 15.
    Interest on both tranches is 1/8 percentage point over
three months Hong Kong interbank offered rate, subject to a
14-3/8 pct ceiling. Management fee is 25 basis points. The CDs
will be issued at par in denominations of 100,000 dlrs each.
 REUTER

 said it had no
plans to issue Eurobonds linked to shares still held by banks
after the placement of the 15 pct Libyan stake in Fiat last
autumn, a company spokesman said.
   "An eventual issue of bonds convertible into Fiat shares is
not our responsibility," the spokesman told Reuters. "In case the
operation should be finalized, the bonds would be issued by
banks and not by Fiat, the spokesman said.
    The spokesman was commenting on West German press reports
that Fiat is considering a Eurobond issue of up to 384 mln
dlrs, convertible or with warrants attached for exercise into
its shares still held by the banks.
 REUTER


******CYCLOPS CORP REFORMS BOARD AFTER DIXONS GROUP FAILS TO GET MAJORITY OF CYCLOPS STOCK
Blah blah blah.



Beta Phase said it has
agreed to sell its shape-memory eyeglass frame manufacturing
technology and equipment to privately-held Universal Optical.
    The company said Universal Optical will also purchase the
existing Beta Phase inventory of raw materials, its work in
progress and its manufacturing equipment and tooling.
    Under the pact, Beta Phase will receive a 20 pct share of
CVI/Beta Ventures, a joint venture owned by Beta Group and
CooperVision Inc &lt;EYE>, which markets worldwide shape memory
eyeglass frames. The venture will then be owned 54 pct by Beta
Group, 26 pct by Coopervision and 20 pct by Beta Phase.
 Reuter

A group led by New York investor
Asher Edelman said Morse Shoe Inc agreed to provide it
confidential company information and that his group would make
an offer to buy Morse only in a friendly, negotiated deal.
    The group also said in a filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission that its members would not, without Morse
approval, buy or offer to buy any company securities giving the
group a 10 pct or more stake in the company.
    Edelman and his group said his terms held until the earlier
of 90 days from March 3 or the date on which Morse announces a
definite agreement for its sale.
    At the same time, the Edelman group said it cut its stake
in Morse to 8.4 pct from 9.7 pct.
 Reuter

The National Highway Transportation
Safety Administration said it granted a request by Ford Motor
Co to delay for four years until 1994 a requirement that air
bags or other passive restraint systems be installed on the
passenger side of the front seat of all new autombiles.
    Under the decision announced today by Transportation
Secretary Elizabeth Dole, automakers will be required to meet
federal passive restraint requirements only on the driver's
side. "The action we are taking today will result in the
installation of more air bags, sooner than would have occurred
without this rule," Dole said.
    Under the ruling announced today, 10 pct of model year 1987
cars must have automatic seat belts or air bags on the driver's
side. For the 1988 model year, 25 pct must have passive
restraints, and for 1989, 40 pct must be so equipped.
    By the 1990 model year, all new cars must be equipped with
passive restraint systems on the driver's side.
    For the passenger side of the front seat, ordinary seat
belts will suffice until 1994 under the new ruling. As
previously written, the federal standard required passive
restraint systems such as air bags on both the driver's and
passenger's side of the front seat in all new cars by 1990.
 Reuter

Canada may begin monitoring steel
flowing in and out of the country to determine if any steel is
being illegally "trans-shipped" to the U.S., senior government
trade officials said.
    The officials, asking not to be identified, said the
government will investigate an industry contention that steel 
imported from countries such as South Korea and Taiwan is being
diverted to the U.S. and ultimately exasperating concerns about
the level of Canadian exports south of the border.
    But the senior officials, asking not to be indentified,
said that despite intense pressure from the Reagan
Administration, Ottawa was not considering any kind of formal
limits on Canadian shipments to the U.S.
    "In a sense what I hope we are doing is buying some time,"
said one official who claimed Canadian companies were "fair
traders" in the big American market.
    If approved by the Canadian cabinet, the officials said a 
monitoring system will be established in the next three or four
months.
    "I guess if we find trans-shipment is a problem, we would
have to do something about it," said a trade official.
    Canadian steel shipments to the U.S. have risen to 5.7 pct
of the U.S. market in recent months, almost double the level
just two years ago.
    The increase in Canadian shipments comes at a time of
growing anger in the U.S. over rising steel imports from
several countries in the face of a decline among domestic steel
producers.
    Some U.S. lawmakers have proposed Canada's share of the
American market be limited to 2.4 per cent.
    The Ontario Government has urged Ottawa to require foreign
companies to obtain permits to import steel into the country.
Currently, import licences are required only for carbon or raw
steel, which makes up less than half the steel market.
    Canada exported two billion Canadian dlrs worth of steel in
1986, while importing 944-mln dlrs worth of the product in the
same year.
 Reuter

Federal Paper Board Co Inc said
its is offering 2,800,000 shares, or 140 mln dlrs, of its 2.875
cumulative convertible preferred stock at 50 dlrs per share.
    The company said it is applying to list the preferred stock
on the New York Stock Exchange.
    The First Boston Corp, Morgan Stanley and Co Inc and
PaineWebber Inc are underwriting the issues, the company said.
    The preferred stock has a liquidation preference of 50 dlrs
per share and is convertible at any time into common stock at
55 dlrs per share subject to adjustment.
    The preferred stock is redeemable starting at 52.875 dlrs
per share on March 15, 1987, and declining on each March 15 to
50 dlrs on and after March 15, 1997.
    The company said it intends to used the proceeds from the
sale to redeem its entire 125 mln dlrs of its outstanding 13
pct subordinated debentures due 2000, with the balance to be
added to the company's general funds.
 Reuter

The New York Stock Exchange said
Monarch Capital Corp Pfd will not resume trading today.
 Reuter


******DETROIT EDISON FILES SHELF REGISTRATION FOR ONE BILLION DLRS IN BONDS
Blah blah blah.



Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May 27
 Reuter

The National Association of Realtors
said sales of previously owned homes rose six pct during
February from January levels to a seasonally adjusted annual
rate of 3.69 mln units.
    The realtors' group said the sales rise was apparent across
the country and reflected lower mortgage interest rates as well
as more housing demand.
    Actual resales of homes during February totaled 241,000, up
11.6 pct from the January total of 216,000, the association
said.
 Reuter

El Paso Electric Co said it plans to
redeem its 40 mln dlrs of 16.35 pct first mortgage bonds of
1991 and 60 mln dlrs of 16.20 pct first mortgage bonds of 2012.
    It will buy back at par plus accrued interest the 16.35 pct
issue in May and the 16.20 pct bonds after August one.
    El Paso Electric will use proceeds of about 684.4 mln dlrs
from sales and leasebacks, completed in 1986, of its entire
ownership interest in Palo Verde nuclear generating station
Unit 2 to redeem the double-digit debt.
 Reuter


******KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN INDUSTRIES SAYS IT EAGER TO PURCHASE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD
Blah blah blah.




******FED APPROVES CHEMICAL BANK ACQUISITION OF TEXAS COMMERCE BANCSHARES
Blah blah blah.



Pennzoil Co said it had not yet
received any "meaningful settlement offer" from Texaco Inc but
added that the company remained willing to consider proposals
to settle the 10.2 billion dlr jury judgment it won against
Texaco.
    In its newly-released annual report to shareholders,
Pennzoil said it expected the Texas state court judgment, which
was upheld by a state appeals court on February 12, to be
upheld if appealed again.
    "To date, Pennzoil has yet to receive any meaningful
settlement offer from Texaco, though it remains open to any
realistic effort to settle the matter," Pennzoil chairman Hugh
Liedtke said in the annual report.
    Pennzoil also said it had budgeted 212 mln dlrs for capital
spending in 1987, a drop from the 233 mln dlrs spent last year.
    Proved U.S. and foreign reserves of natural gas declined to
964 billion cubic feet last year, from 1.01 trillion cubic feet
in 1985, because of a virtual halt in its exploration program,
Pennzoil said. Its crude oil reserves dropped to 140 mln
barrels from 158 mln barrels in 1985.
     The Houston-based company said it sold an average of 339
mln cubic feet of domestic natural gas each day last year, a 17
pct drop from 1985. The average sales price for gas dropped by
60 cents per mcf to 2.16 dlrs per mcf, Pennzoil said.
    U.S. crude oil and gas liquids production last year fell to
an average of 33,290 barrels per day from 34,102 barrels per
day in 1985.
    The company's total revenues in 1986 declined to 482.3 mln
dlrs, from 762.5 mln dlrs the previous year. Operating income
in 1986 fell more than 80 pct, to 38.0 mln dlrs.
    Pennzoil said its goals for 1987 included development of
its Point Arguello oilfield off the California coast, to
maintain current production levels in its Bluebell-Altamont
Field in Utah and to drill for prospects in the Gulf of
Mexico's Mobile Bay area.
    "Production should begin late in the year from the Harvest
Platform in the Santa Maria Basin offshore California," the
company said. "Pennzoil's share of this production initially
should be five thousand barrels a day, increasing to a peak of
15 thousand barrels a day, net, by 1989."
    In its sulphur business, Pennzoil said production totaled
2.1 mln long tons last year, a decline of 18 pct from 1985. The
average sales price also declined, to 138.25 dlrs per long ton
from 141.05 dlrs in 1985.
    "The long term outlook for our sulphur operations remains
bright," the company said. "We expect sulphur's pricing
structure to strengthen during the current year, probably in
the third and fourth quarters."
            
 Reuter

Brazilian Coffee Institute (IBC)
president Jorio Dauster said he will not attend the ICO
executive board meeting and was surprised to hear that a report
of his absence had a slightly depressing effect on the New York
coffee market today.
    "I have too much work to accomplish here in Brazil at the
moment. Besides the presence of the IBC president at an ICO
executive board meeting is not a tradition," Dauster said.
    Dauster said except in rare cases, Brazil has always sent
its London-based representative to ICO board meetings.
Ambassador Lindenberg Sette will attend the meeting, he said.
 Reuter

The composition of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, in question since the death of Nebraskan
Democratic Sen. Edward Zorinsky, remains in doubt.
    Zorinsky's death earlier this month cut the Democrats'
majority on the committee to 9-8.
    Zorinsky's replacement, Republican David Karnes, has said
he would like a seat on the panel, and Senate Republican Leader
Robert Dole (R-Kan.) is said to have thrown his support behind
Karnes, who would add a Midwestern vote to the panel.
    But Karnes' appointment to the committee would require at
least one Republican to step off the committee.
    Aides to Republican Sens. Mitch McConnell (Ky.) and Pete
Wilson (Calif.), whose spots on the panel were rumored to be in
jeopardy, said their bosses were categorically opposed to being
pushed off the committee.
    Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) told Reuters he
had rejected a suggestion that Democrats and Republicans each
add one member to the committee.
    Leahy said he would be "delighted" to have freshman Sen. John
Breaux (D-La.) join the committee. But Breaux's appointment was
being resisted by Midwestern Democrats, who feel southern
states are adequately represented on the committee.
    An aide to Sen. James Exon (D-Neb.) said the senator,
supported by Midwestern Democrats, had not ruled out the
possibility of moving to the committee.
    The inability of the two parties to settle the matter could
increase the possibility that the Democratic majority would be
left untouched at 9-8.
    The issue is expected to be resolved any day, Senate staff
said.
 Reuter

Domestic group net profit 105.79 mln marks vs 80.71 mln
    Turnover 2.93 billion marks vs 2.71 billion
    Incoming orders 2.92 billion marks vs 2.86 billion
    Order book at end December 2.28 billion vs 2.37 billion
    Tax payments 104.98 mln marks vs 88.67 mln
    Depreciation of fixed assets 107.25 mln marks vs 150.75 mln
    New investment in fixed assets 148.88 mln vs 148.22 mln
    Dividend already announced 12 marks vs 11
    DVFA earnings per share 32.22 marks vs 27.54 marks
    Shareholders annual meeting May 13, dividend date May 14
    World group turnover 3.88 billion marks vs 3.62 billion
    Incoming orders 3.91 billion marks vs 3.91 billion
    New investment in fixed assets 247 mln marks vs 252 mln
    No world group profit figures given
    Parent company net profits 95.04 mln marks vs 74.91 mln
    Turnover 2.28 billion marks vs 2.14 billion
 REUTER

Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said it is in Japan's national interest to make greater efforts
to reduce its trade surplus.
    He told business executives the most important issues for
the world economy are the correction of international trade
imbalances and a solution to the world debt problem.
    To this end, Japan and the U.S. Must make medium- and
long-term efforts to alter economic structures which have
expanded the trade gap between the two nations. World economic
growth and therefore an expansion of debtor countries' export
markets are needed to solve the debt issue, he added.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it has forecast
a flat position in the money market today.
    Among the main factors, maturing assistance and take-up of
treasury bills will drain 545 mln stg and a rise in note
circulation 35 mln stg but the outflow will be offset by 490
mln stg exchequer transactions and bankers balances above
target 70 mln.
 REUTER

Parliament passed laws increasing the
amounts and frequency of treasury bill issues and allowing the
government to raise up to 35 billion dlrs through issues of
registered stock, bearer bonds and book-entry securities.
    Both steps are aimed at establishing a wider domestic
capital market as part of Singapore's plans to expand its
financial sector, Finance Minister Richard Hu said.
    Banking sources said the new government securities market,
scheduled to have been launched on March 2, had been delayed
pending legislative approval of these bills.
    The 35 billion dlrs maximum which may be raised under the
Development Loan Bill (1987), against a ceiling of 15 billion
under current laws, is expected to satisfy demand for
government securities over the next four years, Hu said.
    He said 6.1 billion dlrs of the 15 billion has so far been
raised as development loans. The rest will be used up when
bonds are issued to absorb advance deposits of 13.9 billion
dlrs from the Central Provident Fund (CPF), a mandatory pension
savings scheme. Workers and employers contribute a respective
25 pct and 10 pct of a worker's salary to the CPF, which had
funds totalling 29.3 billion at end-1986.
    Regular government securities issues are needed to meet the
demand of banks, insurance companies, other financial
institutions and corporate and individual investors, Hu said.
    The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) had said it
planned to launch trading by issuing taxable instruments
grossing seven billion dlrs in the first year and a gross 38
billion dlrs of paper over the next five years.
    Funds raised in excess of the government's budgetary needs
will not be channelled into increased spending, but will be
recycled back to the financial system, largely through the MAS,
Hu said.
    Hu said the current government securities market is
rudimentary, with the CPF holding three-quarters of the
outstanding debt and banks, discount houses and insurance
companies holding the rest. "The concentration of securities in
the hands of such long-term holders has left little scope for
trading activity," he said.
    "Moreover, the maturity of the bonds, mostly 20 years, was
not attractive to other investors who might have been expected
to deal more actively in the market. The infrequency of bond
issues exacerbated the lack of liquidity necessary for the
development of a market," Hu said.
    Hu said these obstacles have been resolved and regular
issues of government securities will be made, initially
carrying terms of up to five years and market-related yields.
    The minimum denomination is 1,000 dlrs for notes and bonds
-- aimed at individual investors -- and 10,000 dlrs for the
treasury bills, which are directed at corporate investors.
    Eight primary and registered dealers have undertaken to
make markets in order to ensure liquidity, he said.
    Hu said while the new government securities market will be
essentially domestic, non-residents are free to invest, but
interest earned will be subject to withholding tax.
    Hu said under the new Treasury Bills (Amendment) Bill, all
book entries of borrowings through treasury bill issues must be
made in records maintained by MAS.
    Hu said that instead of physical certificates having to
travel back and forth at each transaction, with side trips to
the MAS for registration, the MAS will maintain a computerised
system for updating records in a central register.
    Commercial banks and primary and registered government
securities dealers will each have two securities accounts with
the MAS, one for their own holdings and the other for holdings
on behalf of all their customers, Hu said.
    All trades will be reflected daily in changes in these
accounts, Hu said.
    "These institutions will in turn act as custodians of
government securities for their customers, rendering each an
individual accounting of his holdings."
    Hu said the new system will cut storage and handling costs
and paper work, reduce the danger of loss, theft, destruction
and counterfeiting, and permit greater speed and efficiency in
handling large volumes of transactions.
 REUTER

Firms need not be pessimistic about export
prospects even though foreign markets have become more
difficult because of the mark's strength the Economics Ministry
said.
     The ministry's parliamentary state secretary Ludolf Georg
von Wartenberg, told a business conference German exports could
start rising again in real terms during 1987, reversing the
lower export trend which emerged in mid-1986.
    But even if the turnaround did not occur, there would be no
need to worry about the economy as long as the weakness of
exports did not affect currently good domestic demand.
    Von Wartenberg said consumer demand remained quite good but
noted there had been a cooling in the investment climate. "This
is certainly a reason for heightened watchfulness but not for
stimulative steps," he said.
    The best way for Bonn to help its exporters is to work
actively to promote free world trade, he added.
    Von Wartenberg said the economy still had good export
opportunities. Price alone was not the only factor in
international competitiveness, he said, adding German firms
have a reputation for high quality standards, prompt delivery
times and good service.
    Von Wartenberg said the government was in a difficult
position on its trade figures.  It faced international pressure
to reduce its trade surplus, but West Germans were worried
about the effect of the mark's strength on the country's
exporters.
    Reports about the trade surplus, especially overseas,
tended to concentrate on nominal trade figures, which rose to a
record 112.2 billion marks in 1986, he said. But this rise was
due entirely to the lower value of imports caused by the
decline of both the dollar and oil prices. German exports have
in fact been falling in real terms for sometime, he said.
 REUTER

Caisse d'Aide a l'Equipement des
Collectivites Locales (CAECL) is issuing a three billion franc
two-tranche domestic bond, the lead managers said.
    The first two billion franc tranche at a fixed rate of 8.90
pct is led by Credit Lyonnais, Banque Indosuez and Union de
Garantie et de Placement, with Credit Lyonnais as book-runner.
    The non-callable, 13 year and 80 days bond is issued at
100.419 pct. Payment date is May 28 with the first coupon
payment in 1988.
    The second one billion franc, variable-rate tranche is led
by Banque Indosuez, Credit Lyonnais and UGP, with Indosuez as
book-runner.
    The 12 year 94 day bond is issued at 98.672 pct. Interest
is based on average state bond yields (TME), with a margin of
less 0.24 pct on the basis of TME at 8.45 pct. Payment date
will be May 28 with the first coupon payment in 1988.
 REUTER

Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co
analyst James Wilbur removed Hercules Inc from the firm's
recommended list, citing the firm's moves into the aerospace
business, traders said.
    Hercules fell 2-1/4 to 59-1/4 on 595,000 shares. Wilbur was
not immediately available for comment.
    Sources said Wilbur believes Hercules will be successful in
its diversification, but he told clients the stock market is
more receptive now to chemical companies than aerospace
companies.
 Reuter


******S/P UPGRADES CONSUMERS POWER'S SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED DEBT
Blah blah blah.



Vista Managemement Inc said it
has obtained notice of the availability of insurance guarantees
on 60 mln dlrs of leasing receivable bonds of its CBS Leasing
subsidiary from Developers Insurance Co, allowing the bonds to
be rated by leading credit rating agencies.
    The company said the guarantees are subject to the
placement of over one mln dlrs of reinsurance and to a pending
change of control of Developers Insurance.
 Reuter

Collins Foods International Inc
said that on April 30 it will redeem all of its outstanding 12
pct subordinated debentures due December 15, 2008.
    There are currently 30 mln dlrs principal amount of the
debentures outstanding, the company said.
 Reuter

Oper shr one ct vs two cts
    Oper net 30,000 vs 62,000
    Revs 2,315,000 vs 2,355,000
    Year
    Oper shr four cts vs nine cts
    Oper net 95,000 vs 204,000
    Revs 9,214,000 vs 9,950,000
    Avg shrs 2,492,000 vs 2,351,000
    NOTE: Full name is Arden International Kitchens Inc
 More

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
that some of the trade bills proposed by Congress conflict
significantly with certain basic principles the Reagan
administration considers critical.
    Baker told a Senate committee that the administration would
resist such measures as a general import surcharge,
sector-specific protection such as import quotas for individual
products, mandatory retaliation, and limits on presidential
discretion in negotiating more open markets abroad and other
trade steps.
 Reuter

Shr loss 10 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 558,800 vs loss 469,200
    Sales 5.5 mln vs two mln
    Nine mths ended Dec 31
    Shr profit two cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 91,045 vs loss 207,000
    Sales 17.3 mln vs 8.4 mln
    Avg shrs 5,465,433 vs 5,037,819
    Year ended March 31
    Shr loss 28 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 1,356,321 vs profit 818,723
    Sales 10.9 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,862,499 vs 4,683,591
    Note: Medar changed end of fiscal year to December 31 to be
more in phase with business cycle of its major customers.
 Reuter

Shr five cts vs five cts prior qtr
    Pay April 17
    Record April 3.
 Reuter

Brazil wants to increase its
steel exports to the United States, now limited because of
tough import restraints set in 1984 by the Reagan
administration, a spokeswoman for the Brazilian Steel Institute
(IBS) said.
    Brazilian and U.S. Trade officials held the first of a
three-day meeting today in Brasilia to discuss the issue.
    In 1984, after three months of painstaking negotiations,
the U.S. Government reached accords with seven steel-exporting
nations - Australia, Brazil, Japan, Mexico, Spain, South Africa
and South Korea - to reduce their shipments to the United
States by about 30 pct in 1985.
    The 1984 restraints established that for 1987 Brazil's
steel exports to the U.S. Could not exceed 632,000 tonnes,
increasing to 640,000 tonnes in 1988 and 670,000 tonnes in
1989, the last of the five-year deadline set by the agreements.
    Brazilian officials are trying to increase Brazil's export
share of non-flat products to the U.S. Market.
    The spokeswoman said there were reports of domestic supply
problems in the United States.
 Reuter


******S/P DOWNGRADES DANA CORP'S 900 MLN DLRS OF DEBT
Blah blah blah.



Standard and Poor's Corp said it may
upgrade Wainoco Oil Corp's 25 mln dlrs of C-rated subordinated
debentures due 1998.
    S and P cited the company's proposed offering of two mln
units of common stock and warrants, which would raise 25 mln to
30 mln dlrs that would be used to retire bank debt.
    The offering would also result in a significant
strengthening of the company's capital structure, S and P
pointed out. However, the agency said it would also consider
depressed industry conditions and Wainoco's ability to operate
in that environment. Its implied senior debt rating is CCC.
 Reuter

Kansas Power and Light Co said it
will name a successor on or before May 5 to its outgoing
chairman and chief executive officer William Wall.
    Wall, who will assume the position of chairman and chief
executive officer at Asbestos Claims Facility, will fill the
positions which have been vacant for several months, the
company said.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded Dana Corp's 900 mln dlrs of debt securities.
    Cut were Dana's senior debentures, industrial revenue bonds
and medium-term notes to A-minus from A, and commercial paper
of Dana and its unit Dana Credit Corp to A-2 from A-1.
    S and P said Dana's management plans an aggressive stock
repuchase which would result in a significantly more leveraged
capital structure. The combination of higher debt levels and
ongoing stock repurchases, about 12 mln shares in the past two
years financed mainly with debt, bring debt leverage to 48 pct
as of December 31, 1986 from 30 pct the year earlier.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss 31 cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net loss 887,886 vs profit 646,250
    Revs 9,724,418 vs 10.8 mln
    Note: Year-ago oper net excludes tax credit of 230,000
dlrs.
 Reuter


said it terminated its service agreement with chairman and
chief executive Walter Steel on March 24, and appointed Donald
Michelin as acting chief executive.
    "The performance of the company since Mr. Steel's
appointment in June, 1985 has not fulfilled either Mr. Steel's
plans or the objectives of Alexis Nihon Investments Inc, the
principal creditor and largest shareholder, and a change in
senior management was viewed as essential to redirecting the
business of the company," SDC Sydney said.
    Michelin is an Alexis Nihon officer and director.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS HE STANDS BY PARIS PACT TO FOSTER STABLE CURRENCIES
Blah blah blah.



China and Portugal today initialled a
joint declaration under which the 400-year-old colony of Macao
will be handed over to Peking on December 20, 1999, the
official New China News Agency reported.
    Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco Silve said in
Lisbon yesterday that China had promised that Macao's existing
political, economic and social system will be maintained until
the year 2050.
    Macao, located across the Pearl River estuary from Hong
Kong, has a population of about 400,000 people.
 REUTER

 said
studies by its &lt;Ansell International> latex-product unit have
shown a commonly-used spermicidal cream kills the AIDS virus.
    Ansell regional director Chris Humphrey told a news
conference the cream, already used in a condom brand as
additional contraceptive protection, killed on contact the
virus causing AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome).
    The discovery meant sexually active people could have a
second level of protection against AIDS if a condom ruptured
during sex, Humphrey said. "This is the best available
protection against AIDS next to abstinence," he said.
    But David Pennington, the head of Australia's government
sponsored AIDS taskforce, said the use of the cream provided a
slight safeguard but was no great breakthrough.
    Pennington said that in the event of a condom rupturing
semen was likely to travel beyond the cream's range.
    Humphrey said the studies, commissioned by Ansell from
Nelson Gantz of the University of Massachusetts and Fred Judson
of the University of Colorado, showed nonoxynol-nine destroyed
the AIDS virus present in 100 pct of rupture tests.
    But he said it was not known whether nonoxynol-nine was as
effective in sexual situations.
    He stressed it was neither a cure nor a vaccine for AIDS.
    Humphrey said nonoxynol-nine had been used for about 20
years as a spermicidal cream without side-effects.
    Analysts have attributed much of the rise in Pacific
Dunlop's share price from 3.87 dlrs at the beginning of the
year to a high of 5.36 dlrs to expected growth in its condom
business. It closed today eight cents down at 4.67 dlrs.
 REUTER

Revisions to the by-laws of the
Stock Exchange of Singapore to be introduced on April 1 will
have little impact on the market, brokers and analysts said.
    One analyst did say, however, that the removal of fixed
commissions on transactions in government securities and Asian
currency bonds would increase trading volume, because most
deals before were transacted directly between clients.
    One change will allow stockbroking firms to advertise, but
brokers said this would not have much effect because most
corporate clients already know the market well.
    Many remisiers (brokers' agents) and dealers criticised the
exchange for not taking the opportunity to abolish or cut
transfer fees on remisiers moving to other firms.
    One remisier said the transfer fees inhibit an efficient
broking system because they restrict brokers' movements.
    But most remisiers welcomed the amendment to replace cash
deposits with bank guarantees for business transactions. Where
an extra deposit is needed, it can in future be either in cash
or in securities approved by the exchange.
    Other remisiers felt the new rule that they must report all
transactions involving 50,000 dlrs or more to the exchange was
unnecessary.
    Another revision says broking firms are not allowed to
improve a buying and selling quote by more than one bid during
the last five minutes of trading.
 REUTER

Peruvian President Alan Garcia said
his government was not trying to convince other nations to
follow its decision to limit foreign debt repayments.
    "We do not want to export a model," Garcia told a press
conference at the end of an official two-day visit to Mexico
yesterday. He was referring to Peru's policy of limiting
payments on its 14 billion dlr debt to 10 pct of its export
earnings.
    Peru's attitude contrasts with that of Mexico, which
followed a more conciliatory route and last week signed a 7.7
billion dlr loan package with its creditor banks.
    Since it decided to put a ceiling on debt payments, Peru
has been barred from International Monetary Fund lending.
    Despite their different approaches to debt, Garcia and
Mexican President Miguel de la Madrid issued a joint
declaration yesterday calling the foreign debt problem an
"expression of the present unjust international economic order."
But the declaration said that no Latin American debtors' club
was about to appear.
    "We affirm the sovereignty of our economic decisions and the
capacity for mobilising our own resources," it said.
    The two presidents also signed a variety of agreements
aimed at boosting trade and tourism between their countries as
well a number of technical cooperation pacts.
    Garcia was scheduled to return to Lima tomorrow.
 REUTER

Japan's plan to cut beef intervention
prices for the fiscal year starting April 1 will not boost
demand because of strict supply controls and a complex
distribution system, Japanese and U.S. Industry sources said.
    "Government beef policy protects farmers rather than meeting
consumers' demands and the cutback ... Is too marginal," a
Housewives Association of Japan official said.
    Despite mounting U.S. Pressure on Japan to open farm
markets, beef is strictly controlled by the government, which
maintains a price stabilisation zone to protect farmers.
    Under the plan, expected to be announced this month, the
standard or bottom price of castrated wagyu -- known as marbled
beef -- will be set at 1,370 yen per kilo for 1987/88 against
1,400 now, and the ceiling at 1,780 yen against 1,820.
    The standard price of other beef, mainly produced from
dairy steers, is set at 1,020 yen against 1,090 and the ceiling
at 1,325 against 1,420.
    Ministry officials said the semi-government Livestock
Industry Promotion Corp (LIPC) conducts buffer stock operations
to help keep wholesale beef prices within the intervention
price zone.
    The LIPC is allowed to import most beef, with the amount
set by the government under a quota system. When wholesale
prices go above the ceiling, the LIPC releases its beef stocks,
both domestic and imported, and buys locally produced beef when
prices are below.
    But the LIPC has often been criticised for releasing beef
stocks when the prices are higher than the ceiling.
    Phillip Seng, Asian Director of the U.S. Meat Export
Federation, told Reuters the two pct cut in prices is a step
toward closing the gap with European Community prices, about
half those in Japan.
    But Seng said the cut will not benefit consumers or U.S.
Meat exporters because of Japan's rigid and complicated
distribution system and strict supply control by the LIPC.
    The Housewives Association official said retail beef prices
are high mainly because of distribution problems and high
production costs, as well as poor operations by the LIPC.
    American meat packers see Japan as a promising market. F.C.
Beatty, of U.S. Packer John Morrell and Co, told the Japan
Times beef cuts, which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlrs a pound in
the U.S., Are sold at 15 to 30 dlrs in Japan.
    But Seng said the cut will not benefit consumers or U.S.
Meat exporters because of Japan's rigid and complicated
distribution system and strict supply control by the LIPC.
    The Housewives Association official said retail beef prices
are high mainly because of distribution problems and high
production costs, as well as poor operations by the LIPC.
    American meat packers see Japan as a promising market. F.C.
Beatty, of U.S. Packer John Morrell and Co, told the Japan
Times beef cuts, which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlrs a pound in
the U.S., Are sold at 15 to 30 dlrs in Japan.
    But industry sources said it is unclear how much demand
will pick up if retail beef prices drop following any sharp
reduction in intervention prices.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said this week he
will ask Japan to remove all beef import restrictions when he
visits here next month.
    In 1984, Japan decided to increase its beef import quota by
9,000 tonnes a year until March 31, 1988.
    In 1987/88, the quota will rise to 177,000 tonnes from
168,000 in 1986/87, ministry officials said, adding Japan wants
to keep self-sufficiency in beef at around 70 pct.
 REUTER

Oper shr 15 cts vs 1.07 dlrs
    Oper net 372,000 vs 2,601,000
    Year
    Oper shr 80 cts vs 61 cts
    Oper net 1,952,000 vs 1,491,000
    NOTE: Net excludes realized investment loss 13,000 dlrs vs
gain 986,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 1,047,000 dlrs vs
1,152,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year net excludes tax credit 919,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Scandinavian Airlines Systems, SAS,
said it will improve cabin service for business class
passengers on intra-Scandinavian routes starting next week.
    The company also said it will simplify timetables on routes
in Scandinavia, with many flights departing hourly.
    SAS said it will upgrade meals and between meal
refreshments and relegate the sale of tax-free candy and
cosmetics to airport shops to give cabin attendants more time
to devote to the enhanced service.
 Reuter

The New Jersey Casino Control
Commission said it will put off for one week a decision on
whether to approve a 2.4 billion dollar recapitalization plan
previously announced by Holiday Corp &lt;HIA>.
    Holiday Corp is the licensee of Harrah's Marina Hotel and
Casino in Atlantic City, N.J.
    A spokeswoman for the commission said the commissioners
felt they needed more time to review testimony taken at an
all-day meeting Monday.
    A decision had been expected at the group's regular weekly
meeting today but the vote is now due April one.
    The New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement last week
completed a review of the Holiday recapitalization plan and
listed 10 areas of concern.
    The enforcement unit, which did not draw conclusions or
make recommendations, said the Commission had to decide if the
adoption of a leveraged financial structure will leave Holiday
in a financially stable condition which is required by the New
Jersey Casino control Act.
 Reuter

Worthern Banking Corp said it
entered into a formal written agreement with the Federal
Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
    The corporation said it will submit written plans and
reports on a regular basis to the Reserve Bank on several
matters, including current and future dividend policy for the
corporation and its affiliates.
    It also will inform the Reserve Bank about retaining an
independent management corporation to appoint a chairman of its
board, and it will first get approval from the Reserve Bank
before it takes on any more debt.
    In addition, Worthern said it will report on its
maintenance of adequate capital at the corporation and its 
affiliate banks, its strategic business plan for the remainder
of 1987 and 1988, and its improvement in the corporation's and
certain non-banking affiliates' position with respect to
certain assets previously subject to adverse classification.
    In addition, Worthern will provide the Federal Reserve Ban
with quarterly progress reports specifying the actions taken to
secure compliance with the agreement together with quarterly
balance sheets and income statements.
    Separately, Worthern said its results of oeperations for
the year ended Dec 31, 1986, previously announced Jan 29, 1987,
would be revised to reflect additional loan and lease loss
reserves and loan charge-offs, resulting in additional losses
for that period.
 Reuter

Oscar Mayer and Co Inc, a unit of
Philip Morris Cos Inc, said it will redeem all of its
outstanding 7.85 pct debentures due January 15, 1996 on April
30, 1987, at 1,014.50 dlrs plus accrued interest for each 1,000
dlrs prinicpal amount.
    A notice of redemption will be mailed to noteholders March
27, it said.
 Reuter

U.S. Shoe Corp said it plans
to open 421 stores and close 33 units in 1987, bringing the
total number of its outlets to 2,655.
    Earlier the large retailer reported that its earnings
dropped 61 pct to 25.5 mln dlrs for the year ended January 31.
In the year earlier period it earned 64.9 mln dlrs. Sales rose
four pct to 2.0 billion dlrs from 1.9 billion dlrs.
    U.S. Shoe cited severe merchandising problems in its key
retail divisions and competition in its footwear divisions as
some of the reasons for the earnings decline last year.
    U.S. Shoe also said it expects results for the first
quarter to end May 31 will show an improvement over the 3.2 mln
dlrs it earned in the year-ago quarter.
    It said that initial orders for spring were down
"moderately," but reorder activity was "excellent" within its
women's footwear divisions.
    The company said it "will continue to search for ways to
make its footwear assets more productive and operations more
efficient." It said it expects capital outlays in fiscal 1987
to exceed 165 mln dlrs, a 12 pct increase over 1986 levels.
    It said capital outlays to improve domestic productivity
this year are planned to increase 50 pct over 1986 levels.
    The company also said it plans to increase its presence in
Brazil and to start production in Hong Kong, which along with
other overseas offices, will strenghten its overall import
capability.
 Reuter

Ended Feb 28
    Shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Net profit 53,040 vs loss 255,568
    Revs 2,252,246 vs 755,605
    Six mths
    Shr profit three cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 217,884 vs loss 517,538
    Revs 4,895,720 vs 1,569,662
 Reuter

The Securities Industry Association
backed a variety of restraints on insider trading and hostile
corporate takeovers and asked Congress to define insider
trading in law.
    The industry trade association called on U.S. securities
firms to take steps to protect sensitive corporate secrets to
guard against illegal trading by employees.
    The association also backed broad federal restrictions on a
variety of tactics used in hostile corporate takeovers.
    But it said investment banking firms should be allowed to
continue to engage in both arbitrage and merger and acquisition
activities so long as those functions were kept separate.
    The SIA, in a report adopted yesterday by its board of
directors, backed a higher enforcement budget for the federal
Securities and Exchange Commission and called on U.S. stock
exchanges to beef up their supervision of member brokerages.
    The report said securities firms "should be more rigorous in
restricting sensitive information on a need-to-know basis."
    It said firms should train their employees to understand
the need for confidentiality of market-sensitive information.
    It said legislation to define insider trading should avoid
expanding current law in a way that would impede the market.
    It said an insider trading definition should exempt a
securities firm from liability for law violations by its
employees unless the firm had participated in or was aware of
the wrongdoing.
    In the mergers and acquisitions area, the association
advocated a ban on greenmail payments or poison pill takeover
protection plans without prior shareholder approval.
    It said a group or individual buying up a company's stock
should be required to file a public disclosure statement before
acquiring more than five pct of the company's shares. Under
current law, disclosure may be made as late as ten days after
exceeding the five pct limit.
    The association said all purchases exceeding 20 pct of a
company's voting stock shouls be made only through a tender
offer open to all shareholders. Under current law there is no
limit on open market purchases.
    The group said the federal government should preempt state
regulation of defensive takeover tactics.
    The group said all tender offers should remain open for at
least 30 calendar days.
    The current requirement is expressed in business days.
    It said so-called "lockup" devices, in which securities are
issued to a friendly investor to seal a takeover deal or fend
off an unfriendly predator should be limited to 18.5 pct of the
target company's total common stock.
    Association president Edward O'Brien said the group acted
out of concern over the ad hoc restructuring of corporate
America on Wall Street and investor fears about insider trading
and fairness in the marketplace.
 Reuter

Bolivia's proposal to repurchase at a
deep discount the 900 mln dlrs it owes to foreign commercial
banks is likely to be accepted, bolivian central bank governor
Javier Nogales Iturri said.
    Speaking to reporters at the annual meeting of the Inter-
American Development Bank, Nogales said Bolivia's bank advisory
committee, led by Bank of America, is seeking permission from
creditor banks worldwide to go ahead with the scheme.
    More than 50 pct of the banks must approve, and Nogales
said he is confident this threshold will be reached.
    "It's working out very well, and I think we'll get a clear
majority," Nogales said.
    A senior banker working on the deal also said that banks
are responding positively and said all the legal waivers
necessary could be obtained within two months.
    Bolivia halted all payments on its commercial bank debt in
March 1984. Hyperinfltion has been curbed and public spending
trimmed, but the country's debt still trades as low as 10 cts
on the dollar on the secondary market, and many banks have
written off most, if not all, of their loans to the country.
    Few bankers see little chance for a subtantive recovery in
Bolivia's economic fortunes and so are willing to collect what
they can on the loans.
    Nogales said Bolivia would offer to buy back the debt at a
market price. He said some banks might want to hold out for a
higher price, but others would see the repurchase offer as an
opportunity to cut their losses.
    Bolivia intends to pay for the repurchase with aid that
foreign goernments, especially the United States and West
Germany, are providing to help finance the eradication of coca
crops. Cocaine, although illegal, is Bolivia's largest export.
    The campaign to persuade farmers to grow legal crops
instead of coca would be financed instead using local currency,
Nogales said.
    Because the fiscal deficit has been reduced to some four
pct of gross domestic product, money supply could be increased
to pay for the drug-eradication drive without too much of n
impact on inflation, he added.
    Nogales said he does not expect Bolivia's debt repurchase
to become a model for other debtors in dire straits. "We're not
seeking a universal solution," he said."
 Reuter


******BALDRIGE SEES U.S. TRADE DEFICIT STARTING TO DECLINE IN FEB OR MARCH DATA
Blah blah blah.



Normal work has resumed at New
Zealand ports as negotiations between harbour board workers and
employers continue.
    Wellington Harbour Board Workers' Union secretary Ross
Wilson told reporters talks late yesterday ended with agreement
to take unresolved issues before an industrial conciliator.
    Wilson said the only remaining issue is the length of the
union award. The dispute originally was about wage rates and
the form of industry negotiations.
    Cook Strait ferry sailings resumed after Marlborough
Harbour Board workers returned to work this morning, ending
their industrial action a day early.
    The Waterside Workers' Federation, which struck for most of
last week and held more than one mln tonnes of shipping in
ports, meets on Monday and Tuesday in conciliation with the
Waterfront Employers' Association.
    Union Secretary Sam Jennings said: "We've got two days of
talks. If it's not all cleaned up by then ... I don't know what
will happen."
 Reuter

Forstmann Little and Co said Lear
Siegler Holding Corp plans to divest its aerospace group
subsidiary, comprised of the Defense Electronics Group and the
Components Group.
    Divestitures had been expected since Lear-Siegler, a
diversified conglomerate, was acquired last December in a 2.1-
billion-dlr-leveraged buyout by the Wall Street firm of
Forstmann Little.
    Lear's aerospace group revenues for fiscal 1987 are
expected to be about 700 mln dlrs, said Forstmann.
    The Defense Electronics Group designs and manufactures
weapons, management systems, flight control systems, remotely
piloted vehicles and reference and navigation systems, mainly
for military markets.
    The Defense Group subsidiaries are Astronics Corp, which is
based in Santa Monica, Calif., and employs 1,076 people;
Instrument and Avionic Systems Corp, based in Grand Rapids,
Mich., and employs 3,479 people; International Corp, based in
Stamford, Conn., and employs 266 people; and Development
Sciences Corp, based in Ontario, Calif., and employs 237
people.
    The Components Group manufactures pumps, bearings, and
other industrial components as well as nuclear control drive
rod mechanisms and valves.
    The Group's subsidiaries include Power Equipment Corp,
based in Cleveland, which employs 880 people; Energy Products
Corp, based in Santa Ana, Calif., which employs 755 people; 
Romek Corp, based in Elyria, Ohio, which employs 262 people;
and Transport Dynamics in Santa Ana, which employs 254 people.
    Overall, Lear's Aerospace Group's eight subsidiaries
employs 7,200 people.
    Lear Siegler said it plans to retain Management Services
Corp, engaged in aircraft maintenance modification for various
Department of Defense agencies.
    Morgan Stanley and Co will act as financial advsiors for
the group's divestitures.
    Last month, Lear Siegler said it planned to sell its Smith
and Wesson handgun business, Starcraft Recreational Products
Ltd, the Peerless truck trailer operations, and other units, as
part of its restructuring plans.
    Lear apparently will retain its Piper Aircraft unit.
     Reuter

The Semiconductor Industry
Association urged the U.S. government to impose trade sanctions
against Japan for violating the U.S.-Japan Semiconductor Trade
Agreement.
    In a letter to Treasury Secretary James Baker the group
said sanctions should be imposed against Japanese chipmakers as
of April 1 and continue until the U.S. is satisfied there is
full compliance with the agreement.
    The group said action by Japan to cut back on semiconductor
exports is not what is required.
    "America's interests require that agreements be honored and
that U.S. industries not bear the burden for the persistent
unwillingness or inability of the government of Japan to
deliver on its commitments," the trade group said.
    The White House Economic Policy Council is expected to
discuss possible sanctions against Japan at a meeting scheduled
for Thursday.
    The trade group said Japan has not lived up to the terms of
the agreement last year which was aimed at ending Japanese
dumping of semiconductors and at opening Japanese markets to
foreign-based manufacturers.
 Reuter

Central Bank President Jose Luis
Machinea said Argentina could adopt the same posture as Brazil
and suspend payments on its foreign debt if it failed to meet
creditor bank demands.
    "If Argentina had the same difficulties in being unable to
refinance (its debt) under the desired (creditor) conditions,
that (Brasil's) is a path to take," Machinea said.
    Brasil last month suspended payments on a large part of its
109-billion dlr debt, the highest in the developing world.
    Machinea said Brasil did not suspend payments because it
wanted to but because it lacked reserves.
    Argentina has since last month been negotiating a 2.15
billion dlr loan with the steering committee for its
international creditor banks to meet 1987 growth targets.
    But Machinea said the talks were difficult and Argentina
wanted to conclude them as soon as possible.
    "What the (creditor) banks are demanding is not the same as
what Argentina is prepared to concede," Machinea said.
    Argentina has a global foreign debt of 50 billion dlrs. Its
debt with private banks is about 30 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr 69 cts vs six cts
    Net 421,306 vs 44,132
    Revs 3,721,178 vs 3,125,935
    Note: Current qtr net includes a gain of 281,000 dlrs,
mostly from the sale of securities and property.
 Reuter

Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc said
Wednesday its business is booming, despite its inability to
distance itself from the insider trading scandal that has
spread rumors and doubts through Wall Street.
    "For a company that's supposed to be under siege, we are
doing extremely well. We are exceedingly profitable," a
spokesman for the firm told Reuters.
    The rumors that have swirled around Drexel, more than any
other broker, have involved concerns that its business will be
threatened by the Federal probe, say Wall Street sources. The
firm has long been at the leading edge of the mergers business
and had ties to now-disgraced speculator Ivan Boesky.
    In the latest chapter of the story, Drexel said that some
commodities firms have begun to limit the amount of business
they will do with the firm, citing credit risks. Drexel has
long been a powerful competitor in precious metals markets.
    But Drexel spokesman Steve Anredder told Reuters that
Drexel's overall business is proceeding normally and the
first-quarter profit "could be the strongest of anybody on Wall
Street."
    "I wouldn't say we're not feeling any effect (from the
trading probes)," he said. "But we're doing extremely well."
    The firm was among the first to be subpoenaed in the
government's wide-ranging probe of illegal trading involving
the use of confidential company information on Wall Street.
    Believed to be under particular scrutiny was Drexel's "junk
bond" operation -- the issuance of high-risk speculative debt
that it pioneered for financing corporate takeovers.
    "We have done nothing wrong," said the Drexel spokesman.
"After a thorough investigation, we have found no evidence of
any wrongdoing by the firm or anyone within the firm."
    The spokesman said that in the aftermath of the Boesky
arrest, Drexel had not been charged. Nor had any individual at
the firm been charged with illegal acts while employed by
Drexel. One of its top merger specialists, Martin Siegel, was
charged in connection with a former job.
    Still, more than any other firm on Wall Street, Drexel has
suffered the consequences of the insider trading probe. To
begin with, there have been a series of brief shocks in the
junk bond market, in nervousness linked to rumors that Drexel
might be in trouble.
    At one point, Drexel said Wednesday, a large Midwest bank
refused to allow Drexel-issued bonds as collateral on credit
lines. Two weeks ago, the restriction was withdrawn, it said.
    The company also was notified last month that the outside
insurer of Drexel's individual brokerage accounts had decided
not to renew coverage. Drexel has set up its own subsidiary
handling part of the insurance. American International Group
and a group of British underwriters have handled the rest.
    Drexel also appears to have lost ground to others in the
mergers and acquisition business recently, market sources said.
However, Anredder said that there was no sign that Drexel had
lost any customers at all owing to the insider trading cases.
But in citing results for the quarter, the company points
mostly to other areas of success.
    Corporate financings have totaled 8 billion dlrs, including
3 billion dlrs in new junk bonds in the January-March period,
Drexel said. Drexel maintains the lion's share of this
lucrative business, trade sources noted.
    The market for junk bonds, although jittery, "has rallied
back with a vengeance," Anredder said.
    Although they see new competition in the junk bond arena,
market sources concur that Drexel remains king of the hill.
    While some of the leading Wall Street firms were limiting
head-to-head dealings with Drexel in the commodity markets 
based on worries over the credit of the company, the Drexel
spokesman called this "ridiculous."
 Reuter

The shareholders of Illinois
Cooperative Futures Co voted to dissolve the 26-year-old firm,
the futures trading arm of 85 farm cooperatives, its president
said.
    Thomas E. Mulligan, president of the board of directors,
said 87 pct of the 61 members voting favored dissolution.
    The directors recommended the move, citing falling volume
and higher costs, when it called a special shareholders meeting
last month.
    Mulligan said the cooperative would continue operating
until April 24, when the member cooperatives will have to begin
clearing their futures trades through other companies.
    Mulligan said one of the members, Farmers Commodities of
Des Moines, Iowa, was attempting to organize a new cooperative
to replace Illinois Coop as a clearing company.
    Sources close to Farmers Commodities confirmed its plans,
but Hal Richards, president, could not be reached immediately
for comment, and it was unknown how many cooperatives might be
willing to band together.
    Industry sources said Farmers Commodities would face a
difficult task in setting up a new clearing organization by
April 24, the day Illinois Cooperative will be dissolved.
    They would have to obtain commitments from a sufficient
number of cooperatives to meet minimum capital requirements,
obtain trading memberships, and set up the office mechanisms to
handle futures trading.
    In the meantime, commercial clearing firms have been
courting the individual coops, trying to obtain their business
with low trading rates.
    If Farmers Commodities is unable to set up a clearing
organization by April 24, individual members will find other
homes, and they're unlikely to change clearing firms a second
time, one industry source said.
    The demise of Illinois Coop was set in motion by the
withdrawl of Growmark, Inc., the largest member with more than
70 pct of the capital stock, according to sources within the
cooperative.
    Mulligan acknowledged prior to the vote that Growmark had
no need to belong to the cooperative since it became affiliated
last year with Archer Daniels Midland.
    But he said Illinois Cooperative would still have been able
to meet minimum capital requirements without Growmark.
    The vote to dissolve the organization was met with "a
certain amount of pang," he said. "But in the final analysis,
the decision has to be economic, not emotional."
 Reuter

The U.S. Supreme Court upheld
affirmative action programmes designed to promote women in the
workplace yesterday, handing President Reagan's civil rights
policy a major defeat.
    Tn a 6-3 decision, the court held that the civil rights
laws allow employers to take the gender of workers into account
to improve female representation in the workforce.
    The Reagan administration had charged that affirmative
action is reverse discrimination.
    The case involved the 1980 promotion of a female road yard
clerk, Diane Joyce, over a more qualified male, Paul Johnson.
 REUTER

 has no plans to
produce sports cars in the U.S., A company spokesman said.
    A Japanese daily paper said Mazda would switch production
of its RX-7 sports car, which is popular in the U.S., To the
U.S. Over the next three years to minimise losses caused by the
yen's rise against the dollar.
    Mazda's wholly owned subsidiary &lt;Mazda Motor Manufacturing
(USA) Corp> (MMUC) in Flatrock, Michigan, is due to start
producing Mazda 626 saloon cars from September at an annual
rate of 240,000, the company said on March 2.
    One of Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> Japanese distributors, &lt;Autorama
Inc>, said recently it was considering importing the
MMUC-manufactured cars. The imported cars will all bear Ford
name plates but those sold in the U.S. Will carry Mazda
insignia.
    Ford will take 60 to 70 pct of the cars produced by MMUC
while the rest will be sold through Mazda's own U.S. Sales
network, the spokesman said.
    Mazda Motor Corp is owned 24 pct by Ford.
 REUTER


****** German February trade surplus 10.4 billion marks (Jan surplus 7.2 billion) - official
Blah blah blah.



The head of a Philippine panel charged
with selling the non-performing assets of government financial
institutions said some 100 state-owned companies would also be
put up for privatisation.
    But David SyCip, chief executive trustee of the Asset
Privatisation Trust (APT), told a meeting of financial
executives the APT has not yet received a list of the firms.
    "I believe lead investor groups, people who see long-term
potential, are willing to buy such companies in full and do a
hands-on job of running them," SyCip said.
    SyCip said open bidding would be used to sell all assets
handled by the APT. He said bidding would be either
open-priced, if there were enough serious contenders, or the
APT would set a target price for acquisition. He added that the
target price did not constitute a rigid floor.
    "What we consider an acceptable price is a price at which an
investor will earn an adequate return," he said.
    SyCip said the bulk of the APT's current work relates to
the non-performing assets of the state-owned Development Bank
of the Philippines (DBP) and the Philippine National Bank
(PNB). The APT was set up in January.
    SyCip said about 75 pct of the 400-odd assets that the DBP
and the PNB are handing over to the APT are still in the form
of financial assets.
    "In some cases financial assets have been converted into
physical assets by foreclosures. They are fairly cut and dried
because we are dealing with mostly whole production facilities
like textile or food-processing plants," he said.
    "Financial assets are more complicated. The only recourse is
to foreclose, gain titles, and try to sell the asset, but the
laws here tend to favour the debtors," he added.
    SyCip said although the APT is protected from prosecution
by its charter, many debtors are tying up the panel with
litigation.
    "If you see some of the situations we have to work our way
through you will see that our symbol, a Gordian knot, is an apt
illustration," he said.
    SyCip said the PNB has not succeeded in foreclosing on 16
of the 17 sugar factories it wants to sell because of the high
costs involved. "When you do your arithmetic you realise that if
you did foreclose your recovery would be only a fraction of the
asset's book exposure," he said.
    SyCip said the APT was not worried about whether associates
of former President Ferdinand Marcos, who originally owned many
of the bankrupt companies, would buy them back through the
privatisation scheme.
    "We just look at the bottom line, which is to monetise these
assets to the maximum degree possible," he said. "We are selling
for cash, it is not our concern where it comes from."
    He said he had told cabinet ministers sceptical about the
identities of buyers that "Marcos cronies" could easily put up
legitimate fronts if they were specifically barred from bidding
for assets on the block.
    "I told them if I am paid 20 mln pesos in 100-peso bills,
all with identical serial numbers and they look like genuine
legal currency, then I would accept them'," SyCip said.
    He said some participants in the government's debt-equity
swap scheme were interested in buying non-performing assets
with the pesos they receive from such deals. The problem is
government regulations slow down approval of debt-equity plans
and the APT normally demands full payment within 15 days.
    "The Central Bank and Monetary Board could also look at
investment funds earmarked for non-performing asset purchases,"
he said. "It would greatly facilitate matters."
    SyCip said last month the APT hoped to recover about 24
billion pesos of the assets' total worth of 108 billion.
    President Corazon Aquino announced earlier this month that
proceeds from the sale of APT-controlled assets would be used
to finance the government's land reform program, which aims to
distribute about 9.7 mln hectares of land to poor peasants.
    Asked why the APT did not favour Filipino buyers, SyCip
said: "How much money has the country to lose because of this
'Filipinos first' slogan? How many people have become
millionaires and then forgotten the Philippines and put their
money in the United States or Australia?"
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it revised its
estimate of today's money market shortfall to around 350 mln
stg from a flat position.
 REUTER


******IWC ups Soviet grain 1986/87 import estimate three mln tonnes to 29 mln - official
Blah blah blah.



 said its
underlying performance would continue to improve in the second
half but profits would be restrained by low activity in U.K.
Commercial vehicle and tractor markets as well as in North
American electronics.
    The company earlier reported a two mln stg rise in pretax
profit to 40 mln in the six months to end-January. The figure
was some five mln below forecasts and Lucas shares dropped
sharply to 557.5p at 1130 GMT from last night's close of 590p.
    It said it would continue with plans for all its activities
to be internationally competitive and profitable.
    Costs of restructuring, reorganisation, employee training
and retraining, particularly in the UK automotive businesses,
together with high research and development spending would
affect profits in the short term.
    But Lucas said it was exploiting growth opportunities in
automotive markets, especially in vehicle breaking and engine
management systems. Recent acquisitions in North America had
strengthened Lucas Aerospace and Lucas Industrial systems.
 REUTER

Swiss lawyers have largely headed off an
attempt to restrict banking secrecy and curb their powers to
act for clients despite the new, revised code of banking
conduct agreed by the Bankers' Association this week, analysts
said.
    The "laundering" of drug and "insider dealing" money and
controversy over accounts of the ousted Philippine and Haitian
Presidents have hurt the standing of Swiss banks recently and
strained international relations, particularly with the United
States.
    Critics said the new code fell well short of demands for
reform, doing little to close a key loophole in the requirement
that banks know the identity of their customers.
    The Social Democratic party, a member of the ruling
four-party coalition, which forced an unsuccesful 1984
referendum to curb banking secrecy, complained the code still
fell short of the legal controls they wanted.
    "It looks a slight improvement on paper, but the same tricks
will still be possible in practice," Felix Meier, a senior party
official, told Reuters.
    In contrast, Swiss lawyers are happy with the new code.
    "Apart from a few nuances, we are very pleased with the
agreement," said Max Oesch, a senior official of the Swiss
Lawyers Federation, which has fought a long campaign to prevent
any curbs on lawyers' ability to act for their clients.
    "It has shown that the 4,000 Swiss lawyers who do a good job
should not be punished for the sake of getting at the one or
two black sheep."
    The role of lawyers has been at the centre of long running
discussions on the renewal of the so-called "convention of
diligence," a voluntary code of banking conduct introduced in
response to a major banking scandal here in 1977.
    With secrecy back in the public eye due to the Ferdinand
Marcos case and a Swiss bank link to the recently busted "Pizza
Connection" international heroin ring, officials at the Banking
Commission said earlier this year they wanted a tightening of
rules on anonymity.
    However, the changes in the new code, which comes into
operation in October, have been minor.
    Clients will still be able to keep their identity secret
from the banks provided their lawyer pledges that the
relationship with his client "is not only of a temporary nature"
and involves provision of other legal services.
    The Lawyers' Association said this part of their business
is very minimal anyway. In the majority of cases, people had
perfectly legal private or commercial reasons for not wanting
the bank to know their identity, Oesch said.
    The Banking Commission, despite its earlier demand for a
virtual abolition of the loophole, also said it was happy with
the new code.
    However, critics complain that the agreement does not go
far enough to restrict the role of lawyers and could still be
circumvented by criminals.
    "No other group in society is allowed to regulate itself as
much as the banks," complained Meier of the Social Democrats. "I
hope that the Banking Commission exercises its proper control
function."
    However, other parts of the agreement won praise.
    In particular, banks will also now be required to demand
the identity anyone doing more than 100,000 Swiss francs worth
of business with them, even if they do not have an account at
the bank. Until now, the threshold was 500,000 francs.
    Peter Kluser, head of the National Bank's legal department,
which had argued for a lower limit, said the move could help
combat the use of banks to "launder" or hide the criminal origin
of money.
    The new code also clarifies the legal status of a tribunal
able to impose heavy fines on banks which do not respect the
code.
 REUTER

Britain's visible trade deficit narrowed
to a seasonally adjusted provisional 224 mln stg in February
from 527 mln in January, The Trade and Industry Department
said.
    The current account balance of payments in February showed
a seasonally adjusted provisional surplus of 376 mln stg
compared with a surplus of 73 mln in January.
    Invisibles in February were put provisionally at a 600 mln
surplus, the same as in January.
    Seasonally adjusted, imports rose in February to 7.16
billion stg from 6.73 billion in January. Exports rose to a
record 6.93 billion last month from 6.20 billion in January.
    Trade Department officials said the improvement in
Britain's current account contrasted with most private
forecasts and they attributed much of the strength to imports
rising less quickly in February than might otherwise have been
expected.
    The Department said exceptionally cold weather in January
reduced exports that month and that there had been an element
of catching up in the February figures.
    The seasonally adjusted volume index, base 1980, a guide to
underlying non-oil trade, showed exports rising to 131.0 from
114.6 in January and imports rising to 142.2 from 136.5.
    The value of British oil exports in February rose to 751
mln stg from 723 mln in Jnauary while oil imports rose to 425
mln from 352 mln.
    The Department said the upward trend in non-oil export
volume continues and the underlying level of non-oil import
volume seems to have stablised.
    The Departnment said exports to the U.S. May be benefiting
from fluctuations in the mark and yen exchange rates.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker
declined to comment on whether President Reagan would reappoint
Paul Volcker to a third term as chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board.
    "I spent four years and two weeks in the White House job 
refusing to comment on personnel matters," he said in an
interview with the Cable News Network. "I'm not going to change
now."
    But Baker did say Volcker has "done a tremendous job" and
added they get on "extremely well", both when he was White House
chief of staff and during his term at Treasury.
    When asked whether he differed with Volcker on
international economic policy, Baker said "there's really no
difference of opinion between us with respect to these matters."
    In other comments, Baker said he did not think a tax rise
was a good idea and nor did President Reagan. But he believed
Congress would enact some spending cuts. "The minute you say
raise taxes, all restraints on spending go by the board."
    He once again pointed out that taxes were 19 pct of gnp but
spending was at 24 pct, a statistic he used to argue strongly
for spending cuts.
 reuter

Britain's visible trade deficit narrowed
to a seasonally adjusted provisional 224 mln stg in February
from 527 mln in January, The Trade and Industry Department
said.
    The current account balance of payments in February showed
a seasonally adjusted provisional surplus of 376 mln stg
compared with a surplus of 73 mln in January.
    Invisibles in February were put provisionally at a 600 mln
surplus, the same as in January.
    Seasonally adjusted, imports rose in February to 7.16
billion stg from 6.73 billion in January. Exports rose to a
record 6.93 billion last month from 6.20 billion in January.
    Trade Department officials said the improvement in
Britain's current account contrasted with most private
forecasts and they attributed much of the strength to imports
rising less quickly in February than might otherwise have been
expected.
    The Department said exceptionally cold weather in January
reduced exports that month and that there had been an element
of catching up in the February figures.
    The seasonally adjusted volume index, base 1980, a guide to
underlying non-oil trade, showed exports rising to 131.0 from
114.6 in January and imports rising to 142.2 from 136.5.
    The value of British oil exports in February rose to 751
mln stg from 723 mln in Jnauary while oil imports rose to 425
mln from 352 mln.
 Reuter


******BANK OF FRANCE LEAVES MONEY MARKET INTERVENTION RATE UNCHANGED AT 7-3/4 PCT - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



Foote Mineral Co said it signed a
letter of intent to merge into Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp PLC for
cash.
    Foote, 83 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp, said Newmont
has informally indicated it would vote in favor of the Rio
Tinto proposal.
    Foote said terms of the agreement, including price for the
proposed cash transaction, have not been released because they
are subject to a continuing due diligence investigation.
    The company said a definitive merger agreement is expected
to be negotiated within six weeks and shareholders are expected
to vote on the deal at a meeting expected to be held in June or
July.
 Reuter

Madagascar's cocoa production is
estimated 13 pct higher this year at 2,720 tonnes, up from
2,400 in 1986, Agriculture Ministry officials said.
    This improvement reflects the government's efforts over the
last seven years to extend existing cocoa plantations and plant
new higher yielding varieties, particularly at the northern tip
of the island, they said.
    Last year, Madagascar exported 2,189 tonnes of high quality
cocoa, up from 1,624 in 1985, the Trade Ministry said.
    This year's exports are estimated at 2,400 tonnes.
 Reuter

CompuDyne Corp said its
Robintech Inc unit expects to spend 300,000 to 350,000 dlrs on
a study of a former plant site requested by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, EPA.
    The company said another potentially responsible party was
also asked to share in the study. The plant, in Vestal, N.Y.,
has been designated as a Superfund site by the EPA.
    While its responsibility has not been established, it said
the study will determine what remedial action may be needed at
the site.
 Reuter

BDM International Inc said it has
received a U.S. Army contract with a base year value of
1,400,000 dlrs to support the plans and operations staff of the
U.S. Army Joint Readiness Training Center, based at Little Rock
Air Force Base.
    The company said with three option years, total value would
be about 7,200,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Pier 1 Imports Inc said its
board declared a three-for-two split of its common stock and
its 25 cents preferred stock, and declared a regular quarterly
dividend of two cents per share on the pre-split shares of
common stock outstanding.
    Pier 1 also declared a 12.5 pct annual dividend increase
for the post-split common shares. The split will be effected in
the form of a 50 pct stock dividend on both classes.
    The company said shareholder approval is required for an
increase in authorized shares of common stock to 100 mln from
25 mln.
    It said approval is also needed for an increase in
authorized shares of preferred stock from one million to five
million. It said voting will be conducted at its annual
shareholder meeting on June 24.
    Pier 1 said there are currently 19.1 million shares of
common stock and 960,000 shares of 25 cts preferred stock
outstanding.
    The split shares will be distributed on June 29 to
shareholders of record May 13. The two cts per share quarterly
cash dividend will be payable May 29 to shareholders of record
May 13.
    "The increase in shares outstanding will broaden the base
of stock ownership in the company, and the dividend increase
reflects the directors' positive outlook for the future
prospects of Pier 1 Imports," said Clark Johnson, president and
chief executive officer.
 Reuter


said an initial public offering of 1,600,000 common shares is
underway at 14.50 dlrs per share through underwriters led by
&lt;Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc>.
 Reuter

Libyan forces appear to be
withdrawing from their last stronghold in Chad after suffering
defeats at the hands of French-backed government troops,
according to officials in both the U.S. And France.
    In Washington, a State Department spokesman told reporters
"we have no reason to doubt that Libyan forces are leaving Faya
Largeau," Libya's main garrison in Chad.
    The French Defence Ministry said it could not confirm the
departure of the Libyan troops, but an official said "it is
extremely likely. They are deprived of air cover and supplies,
and their morale must be zero."
 REUTER

The European Community today sold
181,500 tonnes of ageing butter to the Soviet Union at a
special knockdown price, a spokesman for the EC Commission
said.
    He said the EC's Dairy Management Committee accepted bids
from operators to export the butter, mainly from intervention
stores in Belgium, West Germany and the Netherlands, at a price
of 21.1 European currency units per 100 kilos.
    The butter was bought into Community stores at 313.2 Ecus
per 100 kilos. The sales are part of the EC's process of
attempting to run down its butter surplus.
 REUTER

The Italian Treasury said it would offer
an undetermined amount of 10-year variable-coupon certificates
(CCTs) at a rate unchanged on that of the preceding offer in
late February.
    The Treasury said that, unlike the previous offer, the
amount had not been prefixed. It would be in line with market
demand unless this was considered excessive.
    The CCTs will be priced at 99.00 pct for an effective net
annual yield on the first coupon, payable April 1, 1988, of
9.85 pct.
    Subsequent yields on the certificates will be calculated by
adding 0.75 point to average rates on short-term Treasury
bills.
    Subscriptions to the issue open April 1 and are scheduled
to close April 7.
    The Treasury said it reserved the right to close the issue
early.
 REUTER

Mickelberry Corp said it has completed
the previously-announced sale of the 51 pct of its C and W
Group subsidiary that it had retained to N W Ayer Inc for
undisclosed terms.
    Ayer bought the other 49 pct next year.
    Mickelberry said it will report a gain on the transaction.
 Reuter

Chairman Dan Rostenkowski of the
tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee said today President
Reagan must reconsider his consistent opposition to any tax
increases.
    The Illinois Democrat, asked on a television interview (on
NBC-Today) about the possibility of tax hikes, said, "I think
the president is going to have to reconsider."
    He added, "I just hope there's enough vision in this
administration to recognize that our deficits are intolerable
and the only way we're going to do it is by raising revenues."
 Reuter

French unemployment rose to a record
seasonally adjusted 2.65 mln in February from 2.61 mln in
January and 2.57 mln at the end of last year, the Labour
Ministry said.
    The rise took the percentage of the workforce out of a job
to 11.0 pct last month from 10.9 pct in January and 10.7 pct at
the end of 1986.
    In unadjusted terms unemployment fell by around 30,000 last
month to 2.70 mln.
 REUTER

Turkey's European Affairs Minister Ali
Bozer will arrive here on Saturday to set a date for his
country's long-planned application to join the European
Community (EC), expected by early May, diplomats said.
    The Turkish embassy here said an application was expected
"very soon" but gave no date. But sources close to the embassy
said the application for full EC membership would probably be
made in April, or at the latest, by the first week of May.
    Bozer, is due to meet Turkish Prime Minister Turgut Ozal in
London today to decide on the date of the application, they
added.
 REUTER

Sweden's state-run Institute of
Economic Research released its forecast of economic indicators
during 1987 upon which revisions to the state budget, due to be
put forward at the end of next month, will be based.
    The institute predicted an increase in exports by 2.2 pct
to 277.72 billion crowns, with imports up 2.9 pct on 1986 to
247.51 billion.
    The balance of payments current account, which showed a
1986 surplus of 7.6 billion crowns, will be reduced to a
surplus of no more than 1.5 billion, according to the
institute.
    The state-run institute's forecast will be used as a basis
for revisions which the Finance Ministry is due to make to the
state budget, which was published in January.
 REUTER

Oakwood Homes Corp is raising 25 mln
dlrs via an offering of convertible subordinated debentures due
2012 with a 6-1/2 pct coupon and par pricing, said lead manager
Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corp.
    The debentures are convertible into the company's common
stock at 21.25 dlrs per share, representing a premium of 23.19
pct over the stock price when terms on the debt were set.
    Non-callable for three years, the issue is rated B-2 by
Moody's Investors and B by Standard and Poor's. J.C. Bradford
and Legg Mason co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

Aluminium scrap recovery and usage and
output of secondary metal will continue to rise, said Shearson
Lehman Brothers in a review of the secondary aluminium market
which details cost and demand factors.
    Although primary smelting costs have declined generally in
recent years, the still substantial energy cost savings offered
by secondary smelters will continue to make re-melted material
increasingly attractive.
    It takes around 15,000 kilowatt hours (kwh) of electricity
to produce one tonne of primary aluminium compared with around
550 kwh for one tonne of secondary metal, Shearson said.
    On the demand side, developments in automobiles and
packaging bode well for secondary aluminium consumption.
    Automobile production, although expected to fall this year,
is still on an upward trend and will continue to be so for the
foreseeable future and, in addition, use of aluminium castings
is gaining wider acceptance in the automobile industry,
particularly in the U.S.
    In packaging, Shearson does not expect aluminium to
dominate the beverage can market in any of the other major
economies to the extent it does in the U.S., But says there is
evidence recycling is on the increase in other countries.
    In addition to the cost savings involved, technology
advances now enable alloys of higher purity to be produced by
the secondary aluminium industry, Shearson said.
    There is not likely to be a problem of availability as the
U.S. Has a huge scrap reservoir and this is also true of
several European countries, albeit on a smaller scale.
 Reuter

Oper shr profit seven cts vs loss 12 cts
    Oper net profit 216,000 vs loss 401,000
    Sales 21.4 mln vs 24.9 mln
    NOTE: Current year net excludes 142,000 dlr tax credit.
    Company operating in Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
 Reuter

Increased activity by Switzerland's
banks pushed net capital exports to a provisional 11.7 billion
francs last year from 10.0 billion in 1985, the National Bank
said in a pre-publication copy of its annual report.
    It also said the current account surplus of the Swiss
balance of payments reached a provisional 13.5 billion francs
last year, from 12.8 billion in 1985.
    The National Bank's currency reserves rose by 1.8 billion
francs, against a 2.8 billion rise in 1985. However, taking
into accounts effects of the shift in exchange rates, reserves
actually fell in value by 1.9 billion.
    The banks' net capital exports climbed to 5.4 billion
francs, from 5.1 billion in 1985, while capital exports by
domestic non-banks fell to 5.0 billion from 9.1 billion.
    The National Bank gave the following figures (1985 in
brackets)
    Current Account +13.5 billion (+12.8 in 1985), made up of:
    Goods                     -7.1 (-8.7)
    Services                  +10.1 (+9.8)
    Factor Income             +12.5 (+13.7)
    Transfers                 -2.0 (-2.0)
 Capital Account -11.7 billion (-10.0 in 1985) made up of
    Direct Investment                          N/A  (-6.3)
    Portfolio Investment                       N/A  (-2.8)
    Capital Traffic of Banks                  -10.4 (-14.2)
    Other Capital Traffic Included             N/A  (+5.6)
    Traffic not Included and Statistical Error N/A  (+7.7)
    Change in Currency Reserves of the National Bank +1.8
(+2.8)
    Interest Income on Foreign Currency        +2.4 (+3.4)
    Foreign Currency Transactions              -0.6 (-0.6)
 REUTER

Jaguar Cars Inc, a subsidiary of Jaguar
PLC, said it introduced its new 1988 XJ6 luxury sedan to
replace its Series III XJ6 sedan.
    The 40,500-dlr car will be available in showrooms starting
May four, the company said.
    Many parts of the XJ6 and the 44,500 dlr Vanden Plas have
been changed, adding high-tech features. The car has seven
micro-processors that control its major electrical functions.
The in-car computer offers a wide array of trip information.
    The Vanden Plas offers more features than the basic XJ6.
    Jaguar said it has a "substantial waiting list" for the
cars in Europe, where it was introduced last October.
 Reuter

Spain's state refiner Empresa Nacional
de Petroleo S.A. (EMP) plans to build its second unit for
production of methyl tertiary butyl ether (MTBE), a gasoline
additive replacing lead, company sources said.
    The Coruna-based plant, with an annual capacity of 27,000
tonnes, and a 55,000-tonnes-per-year facility that EMP will
start up in Tarragona next year, will make the state refiner
Spain's biggest producer of MTBE.
    Petroleos del Norte S.A. (Petronor) runs a 45,000 tonne a
year plant in Bilbao and Cia Espanola de Petroleos S.A. (Cepsa)
plans to put a similar unit onstream next year in Algeciras.
 Reuter

Blockbuster Entertainment Corp said it
agreed to buy &lt;Southern Video>, a Blockbuster licensee in San
Antonio.
    Blockbuster said it will issue 80,460 shares of its common
stock for all the net assets of Southern Video.
    The company said after the acquisition is complete, it
intends to open additional Blockbuster Video Superstores in the
San Antonio market.
 Reuter

Brazil's soybean harvest was 13
pct complete by March 20, the Safras e Mercado newsletter said.
    This compares with an historic average for this time of
year of 20 pct.
    The newsletter gave the following figures for the progress
of the harvest in the main producer states:
    Parana: 40 pct
    Mato Grosso do Sul: 15 pct
    Mato Grosso: five pct
    Rio Grande do Sul: two pct
 Reuter

Time Inc is raising 250 mln dlrs via
an offering of sinking fund debentures due 2017 yielding 8.84
pct, said lead manager Salomon Brothers Inc.
    The debentures have an 8-3/4 pct coupon and were priced at
99.055 to yield 115 basis points over the off-the-run 9-1/4 pct
Treasury bonds of 2016. First Boston co-managed the deal.
    The issue is non-refundable for 10 years. A sinking fund
starting in 1998 to retire annually five pct of the debentures
can be upped by 200 pct at the company's option, giving them an
estimated minimum life of 13.85 years and maximum of 20.5
years. The debt is rated Aa-3 by Moody's and A-plus by S/P.
 Reuter


******HEALTHMATE INC SAYS AUDITORS INTEND TO QUALIFY ITS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Blah blah blah.



House Speaker Jim Wright, D-Texas,
said House Budget Committee Democrats were on target to reach
budget deficit reduction goals with a plan for 18 billion dlrs
in new revenues and 18 billion dlrs in additional budget cuts.
    "We're right on target," Wright told reporters. "The cuts are
real cuts. The revenues would be real revenues."
    Wright said it would be up to Congress to come up with the
new revenues. President Reagan says he will veto any
legislation which raises taxes.
    Wright said the budget plan may come up in the House next
week. Republicans are expected to offer an alternative budget.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Service Inc said it
may downgrade about 65 mln dlrs of Frank B. Hall and Co Inc's
B-1 subordinated notes.
    Moody's said its focus will be on Hall's brokerage business
and contingent liabilities associated with the unit Union
Indemnity Insurance Co.
    The agency cited a 140 mln dlr lawsuit by the New York
State Insurance Department against Hall in connection with the
insolvency of the Union Indemnity subsidiary, which was
liquidated by New York Insurance in 1985.
 Reuter

Treasury Assistant Secretary David
Mulford said he did not believe that West Germany and Japan
have yet carried out their international responsibilities.
    "I do not believe they have up to this time," Mulford told
a Senate banking subcommittee.
    He said that for the U.S. trade deficit to continue
improving in the next two years, "We need more policy actions"
across the entire front of U.S. trade relations, including
Canada and the newly-industrialized countries (NICS).
    In particular, he said, efforts by South Korea and Taiwan
to strengthen their currencies were still disappointing.
    Mulford also said that OECD nations need to grow an average
three pct to help resolve the international debt crisis.
    He noted that Japanese and European imports from Latin
nations were significantly smaller than imports into the U.S.
    He stressed both Germany and Japan must continue to take
economic and structural measures to ensure stronger sustained
economic growth.
 Reuter

Shr 16 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 1,888,000 vs 1,307,000
    Revs 7,365,000 vs 5,877,000
    Year
    Oper shr 58 cts vs 40 cts
    Oper net 7,005,000 vs 4,866,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 21.1 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes 263,000 dlr loss from
discontinued operations and 2,073,000 dlrs on disposal.
    Share adjusted for stock dividends.
 Reuter

Shr 34 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 2,253,000 vs 1,332,000
    Sales 89.7 mln vs 85.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 94 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 6,191,000 vs 4,257,000
    Sales 316.4 mln vs 286.7 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods includes 2,100,000 dlr
charge from sale of Craft Showcase stores.
 Reuter

West German retailers expect another good
year in 1987 even though they will not be able to repeat the
sharp increase in turnover they enjoyed in 1986, the General
Association of the German Retail Trade (HDE) said.
    HDE President Wolfgang Hinrichs said retailers would be
satisfied with a real turnover increase of between 2.5 pct to
three pct in 1987 after last year's steep 3.7 pct rise.
    Hinrichs said the 1986 turnover increase had brought the
first hesitant signs of improvement in earnings in the West
German retail sector.
 REUTER

French heavy engineering group Alsthom
&lt;ALSF.PA> has won a 900 mln franc contract from Pakistan to
supply four 100 MW gas turbines, the company said in a press
release.
    The turbines are for the electricity generating plant at
Kot-Addu, in central Pakistan and are expected to be
operational at the end of 1988.
 REUTER

No action has been taken yet
on the Reagan Adminstration's offer to escort Kuwaiti oil
tankers through the Gulf, but the issue is being discussed,
U.S. Secretary of Defence Caspar Weinberger said.
    The offer was made to Kuwait in light of Iran's deployment
of Chinese-built missiles to cover the entrance to the Gulf.
    Weinberger told reporters prior to a speech at Texas
Christian University that he did not think Iran and the United
States were moving towards a potential conflict, adding that
the Straits of Hormuz at the mouth of the Gulf were still "free
water."
 REUTER

Nippon Signal Co Ltd is issuing 50 mln
Swiss franc of five year notes with warrants, paying an
indicated 1-3/8 pct, lead manager Morgan Stanley said.
    Terms will be fixed on April 2 with payment due April 22.
The notes are guaranteed by Fuji Bank Ltd.
 REUTER

Foote Mineral Co said it has signed
a letter of intent to merge into &lt;Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp PLC> for
cash.
    The company said at the time of the acquisition, its assets
will include only lithium and ferrosilicon operations. Foote,
which is 83 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM>, has signed
a letter of intent to sell its Cambridge operations and said it
is in talks on the sale of its manganese operations with
several companies.  Foote said Newmont has informally indicated
it would vote in favor of the Rio Tinto proposal.
    Foote said terms of the agreement, including price for the
proposed cash transaction, have not been released because they
are subject to a continuing due diligence investigation.
    The company said a definitive merger agreement is expected
to be negotiated within six weeks and shareholders are expected
to vote on the deal at a meeting expected to be held in June or
July.
 Reuter

Belgian banks will need greater
flexibility to choose their sphere of operations by 1992, when
the European Community is due to introduce free competition in
banking throughout the bloc, Generale de Banque SA &lt;GENB.BR>
president Eric de Villegas de Clercamp told a news conference.
    He said at present Belgian and Italian banks were the most
restricted in the EC.
    While German banks were free to hold stakes in commercial
companies in which they invested capital, Belgian banks could
do so only in severely limited circumstances for short periods.
    "The authorities concerned should introduce within a
reasonable period major modifications toward greater freedom
and flexibility if we want to retain competitiveness with the
neighbouring countries," de Villegas said.
    He said the EC authorities envisaged that after 1992
financial institutions would be able to start operations
throughout the EC.
    Since the control of each institution would remain in the
hands of the authorities in its country of origin, rules
applied in member states could distort competition unless they
were harmonised.
 REUTER

Shr profit 1.44 dlrs vs profit 83 cts
    Net profit 39.0 mln vs profit 22.5 mln
    Sales 816.1 mln vs 865.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 95 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 25.6 mln vs profit 2,223,000
    Sales 2,142,118 vs 2,234,768
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes prtax
provisions for restructuring operations of 4,868,000 dlrs in
quarter and 38.1 mln dlrs in year.
    Latest year net includes 1,825,000 dlr tax credit and
2,600,000 dlr posttax loss from debt extinguishment.
 Reuter


******BANK OF FRANCE BUYS DOLLARS, SELLS YEN - DEALERS
Blah blah blah.



Treasury Assistant Secretary David
Mulford said the Paris agreement among leading industrial
nations is intended to produce "reasonable stability" in exchange
markets over the next few months.
    He told a Senate Banking subcommittee the Group of Five
nations and Canada agreed in Paris to "see if there can't be a
period of reasonable stability instead of volatility" to give
time for the committments in Paris to take place.
    Asked by Sen Phil Gramm (R-Tex) whether U.S. intervention
was not in fact overvaluing the dollar, Mulford replied that
the administration judged that after economic adjustments,
current exchange rates reflect underlying economic
fundamentals.
    In particular, the stability sought by the nations would
allow West Germany and Japan to stimulate their economies
domestically and the U.S. to cut its budget deficit, Mulford
said in his testimony.
    He stressed that a further sharp fall in the dollar would
hurt the ability of Germany and Japan to boost growth.
    Mulford noted that half of West Germany's economy was
affected by international developments.
    He also said increased Japanese domestic growth would
result in more U.S. exports to Japan and would not necessarily
lead to greater Japanese capital flows to the U.S., as Gramm
asserted, if Japan reformed its domestic capital market.
    Commenting on the Paris agreement, Mulford said, "I think
exchange rates ought to be stabilized so (Germany's and
Japan's) efforts can be carried out.
    Mulford rejected Gramm's argument that faster domestic
growth in Germany and Japan would result in an even lower
dollar.
    Mulford said the administration wanted to achieve a pattern
of higher growth overseas as a way of improving the U.S. trade
deficit.
    Otherwise, he said, the trade deficit would be resolved
either through a much lower dollar or a U.S. recession, both
alternatives he termed unacceptable and undesirable.
 Reuter


said the London Stock Exchange has restored the listing of its
50 mln dlrs of secured floating rate notes dated 1992 at the
company's request.
    The notes are fully secured and therefore have a prior
claim over Cambrian's assets in the event of other claims
arising from litigation, it added.
    Dealings in Cambrian's securities have been suspended since
late 1986 following the disclosure of insider trading
activities by former chairman Ivan Boesky. Cambrian officials
were not immediately available for further comment on today's
statement.
 REUTER

A floating rate treasury note issue by
the Republic of Austria is likely to be raised to 2.5 billion
schillings from two billion due to heavy demand, lead manager
Oesterreichische Laenderbank AG &lt;OLBV.VI> said.
    Laenderbank managing board member Herbert Cordt told
Reuters that demand had been strong throughout Europe. The
issue, carrying interest of 1/8th of a point over the
three-month Vienna Interbank Offered Rate, is the second of its
kind. The first was made last October 23.
    The issue, made at par, has an initial three-year life and
the borrower has the right to make extensions up to 1997.
 REUTER

Holiday Corp said the New Jersey
Casino Control Commission will rule April One on the company's
request for approval to proceed with its plan of
recapitalization.
    The Commission ruling is the final regulatory approval
needed.  The company said talks are proceeding smoothly with
its banks, and it plans to finalize the financing for the
recapitalization shortly.  It said assuming Commission
approval, it plans to pay the 65 dlr per share dividend
associated with the plan in April, with the exact timing
depending on the closing of the financing.
 Reuter


******BRITISH BANKS RESIST SIGNING MEXICO PACKAGE, SEEK MORE EQUITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - LLOYDS
Blah blah blah.



 said it expects to
earn six dlrs a share in 1987, up from 4.20 dlrs a share in
1986.
    The company said the 1986 net earnings were up 30 pct from
3.22 dlrs in 1985. Net asset value in 1986 rose 35 pct to 16.09
dlrs a share from 11.89 a year earlier, adjusted for a
three-for-two stock split.
 Reuter

Fruehauf Corp, which went private in
December through a leveraged buyout, said the predecessor
company had a 1986 loss of 60.9 mln dlrs compared to earnings
of 70.5 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Sales of the predecessor company were 2.68 billion dlrs
compared to 2.56 billion dlrs in 1985, including the sales by
the operations which are divestiture candidates.
    Fruehauf said in connection with the buyout acquisition,
the predecessor company incurred about 97 mln dlrs in expenses
charged against 1986 operations.
    In addition to the direct expenses, Fruehauf said operating
results were adversely affected by an unquantifiable amount due
to the disruption related to a proxy contest and attempted
hostile takeover which started in early 1986.
    Fruehauf said its board rescheduled the annual meeting to
June 18 from May 7 to allow for completion and distribution of
the 1986 results to shareholders.
 Reuter

Oriental Federal Savings Bank of
Humacao, Puerto Rico, said an initial public offering of
656,819 common shares is under way at 11.50 dlrs per share.
    The company issued a total of 1,075,000 shares in
converting from mutual form, with other shares sold in a
subscription offering.  Lead underwriter is &lt;Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc>.
 Reuter


******EC GRANTS EXPORT LICENCES 197,000 TONNES  FREE MARKET MAIZE, ZERO BARLEY - PARIS TRADERS
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 473,784 vs loss 489,257
    Revs 268,797 vs 81,725
    Avg shrs 9,245,247 vs 8,035,326
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net 1,512,534 vs loss 1,553,592
    Revs 1,448,310 vs 515,225
    Avg shrs 8,745,132 vs 7,619,863
 Reuter

Shr 33 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 13.0 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Sales 330.8 mln vs 249.7 mln
 Reuter


******IWC lifts 1986/87 world wheat, coarse grain estimate one mln tonnes to record 1,377 mln
Blah blah blah.



At least 14 people were injured and many
arrested in clashes during a one-day general strike called by
Ecuadorean workers to protest against austerity measures
imposed after a major earthquake on March 5.
    Interior Minister Luis Robles said the worst violence was
in Quito, where demonstrators threw rocks at a luxury hotel and
a number of banks.
    Over 80 people in eight cities were detained for stoning
police, attacking troops, damaging buildings and setting fire
to cars, he said. The casualty and damage toll is expected to
rise as detailed reports reach the capital from the provinces.
    Labour leaders said they shut down all of Ecuador's
industrial plants, but Labour Minister Jorge Egas said of the
country's 900 largest factories only 86 were closed, 32 were
partially working and the rest operating normally.
    The strike, called by leftist unions and declared illegal
by the government, was aimed at pressing the administration to
scrap an austerity program adopted on March 13 following an
earthquake that killed up to 1,000 people and caused an
estimated billion dlrs in damage.
 REUTER

 would
benefit from new banking capital adequacy rules proposed by the
Federal Reserve Board, Chairman Joseph Pinola said.
    "We are one of the few banks that would have an improved
position," Pinola said in an interview, noting First Interstate
has fewer off balance sheet liabilities than many other banks.
    Under the proposed rules, a bank's minimum capital
requirement would be determined by the assessed risk of their
assets, including off balance sheet liabilities that are not
currently taken into account.
    Currently, banks must retain a primary capital ratio of 5.5
pct.
    First Interstate reported a primary capital ratio of 6.14
pct at the end of 1986.
    Pinola said First Interstate has since raised that ratio,
however, to about 6.70 pct, through a recent preferred stock
offering and a 200-mln-dlr subordinated capital note offering
announced yesterday.
    First Interstate reported a relatively average return on
assets ratio of 0.68 at the end of 1986.
    Pinola said First Interstate's return on assets ratio will
improve to the 0.70-0.71 range at the end of the first quarter,
because 1986 year-end assets, at 55.4 billion dlrs, were
overestimated by about two billion dlrs.
    He said he is anxious to improve the return on assets ratio
further, but continued loan losses at First Interstate's Rocky
Mountain state banks continue to hold down profits.
    Pinola said its banks in other states are showing excellent
return on asset ratios, with its Arizona and Washington banks
running at about 1.30, its Oregon bank showing 1.00 and its
California bank at about 0.83.
 Reuter

Lead underwriter &lt;Goldman, Sachs and
Co> said an initial public offering of 58,750,000 shares of
&lt;Consolidated Rail Corp> common stock has been priced at 28.00
dlrs per share.
    The sale is the largest initial public offering ever.  All
of the shares are being sold by the U.S. government.  They
represent an 85 pct interest in Conrail, the large northeastern
freight-carrying railroad.  Employees of Conrail retain the
other 15 pct.
    The shares will be traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the ticker symbol &lt;CRR> starting this morning.
    Initially, underwriters had said in proxy materials that
the shares were expected to be priced at 22 to 26 dlrs per
share.  But last week they raised the expected range to 26 to
29 dlrs per share.
    Conrail was formed during the 1970's from Penn Central
Railroad and other financially-distressed northeastern rail
carriers.
    The offering will raise about 1.65 billion dlrs before
underwriting fees.  Previously, the largest initial public
offering in dollar terms had been Henley Group Inc's &lt;HENG> 1.3
billion dlr spinoff from Allied Corp &lt;ALD> last year.
    Other lead underwriters are First Boston Inc &lt;FBC>, Merrill
Lynch and Co Inc &lt;MER>, Salomon Inc &lt;SB> and American Express
Co's &lt;AXP> Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.
    Fifty-two mln shares are being sold in the U.S. through a
syndicate of 148 underwriters and 6,750,000 overseas through a
27-member syndicate.
 Reuter


******AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL INC 2ND QTR SHR PROFIT 32 CTS VS LOSS 95 CTS
Blah blah blah.



New Generation Foods Inc said 17
warrant holders have exercised 1,032,384 warrants, acquiring
2,064,768 New Generation shares for 1,032,384 dlrs.
    The company said president Jerome S. Flum and Flum
Partners, which he controls, acquired 307,138 and 940,680
shares respectively through the exercise of the warrants.  It
said it also issued another 44,268 common shares on the
exercise of 132,812 warrants in a separate non-cash exchange.
    New Generation now has about 161,000 warrants still
outstanding.
    New Generation also said it has retained Howard Saltzman,
Flum Partners limited partner, to serve as a consultant for one
year.
    It said Saltzer will work closely with Flum and play a
major role in the day-to-day management of New Generation.
 Reuter


****** German March cost of living 0.2 pct below year ago (Feb 0.5 pct below) - official
Blah blah blah.




******BRITISH BANKS SEEK MORE EQUITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS ON MEXICO PACKAGE - LLOYDS
Blah blah blah.



New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 341,000 in the
week ended March 14 from 340,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,454,000 in the week ended
March 7, the latest period for which that figure was available.
    That was up from 2,507,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter

Neoax Inc said it has
agreed to sell the assets and business of its Novatronics
Division to Veeco Instruments Inc &lt;VEE> for 20 mln dlrs.
    Neoax said it expects a gain of about nine mln dlrs on the
transaction which is expected to becomleted during the second
quarter, adding the gain will be sheltered by its tax loss
carryforwards.
    Novatronics makes military-specification power supplies and
avionics components for various prime government defense
contractors. It had 1986 sales of 21 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

U.S. Treasury Assistant Secretary
David Mulford said he foresaw substantial net new commercial
loans to the major debtor countries in 1987.
    In testimony before a Senate banking subcommittee, Mulford
said he based this prediction on progress in talks between
banks and Mexico, Chile, and Venezuela, as well as progress in
negotiations with the Philippines.
    "These agreements, together with others for Argentina and
we hope Brazil," should assure substantial new loans this year,
Mulford said.
    Mulford defended the U.S. strategy for handling the debt
crisis and added additional steps, like development by
commercial banks of a menu of options to support debtor reform,
can be undertaken.
    That particular development would maintain broad bank
participation in new financing packages to debtors.
    Mulford stessed that greater flexibility in devising new
money packages may be essential for future bank syndications.
    "The commercial banks have much to gain from taking the
lead themselves to develop the kinds of ideas that help assure
the concerted lending process works," he said.
    In particular, Mulford said banks and debtor nations will
increasingly move toward repricing, retiming or rescheduling
agreements as an alternative to new loans.
    "The benefits of such approaches may be substantial and
may, in the right circumstances, be easier to achieve than new
money packages," he said.
    But for debtors with substantial financing needs, new
lending will still be necessary, he said.
    Mulford rejected congressional ideas for a debt facility as
being far too costly to creditor governments, and ultimately
taxpayers.
    Mulford urged further development of debt-equity swaps as
well as broader mutual funds for conversion into equity.
    As in the past, Mulford said progress must be founded on
economic reforms and sufficient new financing for debtors both
to support those reforms and generate new growth.
 Reuter

Cray Research Inc said Los Alamos
National Laboratory in Los Alamos, N.M. installed a Cray
X-MP/416 supercomputer valued at about 22 mln dlrs.
    It said the system was installed in the fourth quarter of
1986 as a lease and converted to a purchase in the first
quarter of 1987.
 Reuter

Shr 15 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 900,334 vs 482,705
    Revs 28.7 mln vs 18.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,195,527 vs 4,551,105
    Shr 51 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 2,713,912 vs 1,402,696
    Revs 98.7 mln vs 67.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,369,833 vs 4,551,105
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split
effecitive March 2, 1987.
    Weston said earnings for the firstg quarter will be about
flat due to the recent substantial addition of management and
technical staff and an expansion in the Southeastern and
Northwestern U.S.
    The company said full-year earnings and revenues are
expected to be higher.  The company today reported 1986
earnings of 2,713,912 dlrs, up from 1,402,696 dlrs in 1985, and
revenues of 98.7 mln dlrs, up from 67.9 mln dlrs.
    Weston earned 492,000 dlrs in last year's first quarter.
 Reuter

United Water Resources
Inc said it formed a venture with Base Ten Systems Inc's Base
Ten Telecom Inc to sell a telephone-based automatic meter
reading system to the utility industry.
    United Water Resources, parent of Hackensack and Spring
Valley Water Cos, said it will provide marketing and customer
support for Base Ten's automatic meter reading system.
    The company said it will install the system for 168,000
commercial and residential customers this spring.
 Reuter

Shr loss six cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 89,478 vs loss 178,507
    Revs 3,894,844 vs 1,964,141
    Avg shrs 1,582,790 vs one mln
    Year
    Shr loss 43 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Net loss 534,099 vs loss 811,836
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 5,167,573
    Avg shrs 1,251,337 vs one mln
 Reuter

Brazil today suggested to its foreign
bank creditors an extension of short-term credit lines for 60
days until May 31, a spokesman for the Central Bank said.
    He said that with the move, called a "standstill"
arrangement, Brazil was only trying to avoid difficulties in
paying its 109 billion dlrs of debt in the future.
    The spokesman told Reuters that Brazil's suggestion will be
communicated by telex to Brazil's 700 bank creditors. He
declined to give details of the statement, but said Central
Bank president Francisco Gros was seeking a 60-day extension of
short-term credit lines from its commercial bank creditors.
    The amount of these credit lines totals 15 billion dlrs,
and deadline for payment is set for March 31.
    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said in a television
interview that it was "absolutely important" for Brazil and its
creditors to renew the short-term credit lines, as Brazil must
finance its exports.
    "If these credit lines were cut, we would face difficulties
to honour our foreign debt in the future," Funaro said.
    "There is evidently a common interest in the matter," he
said.
    Funaro said, however, he was told creditors understand
Brazil's position and do not wish to make the negotiation for
the renewal of the credit lines more difficult.
    Funaro explained that Brazil's suggestion is part of its
demands "before the need to renew the mechanisms of loans in the
world."
    He said that the current negotiating process is "very
complex and complicated," mentioning cases of countries which
had to wait some 10 months before getting a reply from
creditors.
    "We are not interested in confrontation, but we would like
the loan mechanisms to show that the crisis belongs to both
sides," Funaro said.
    Funaro denied rumours that he had offered his resignation
to President Jose Sarney.
    "Who decides whether to keep or dismiss his ministers is the
president. Everything else is nothing but speculation," he said.
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68-
billion dlrs of debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
 REUTER

The price of gold bullion is likely
to rise in the second half of the year on increased private
investor demand, West German analysts said.
    Gold could rise as high as 500 dlrs per ounce later this
year, said Peter Witte, director of Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale's trading division, after a presentation by the
U.S. Mint to promote its gold and silver Eagle series coins.
    "A lot will depend on oil prices and developments on stock
exchanges," Witte said, adding he saw gold positioned for
further rises once it breaks out above 450 dlrs.
    Gold was fixed this morning in London at 411.30 dlrs.
    Despite current strong interest in gold mine stocks, many
investors still want to buy physical gold, Witte said.
    Interest in gold mine stocks may also wane if stock
exchange rallies under way in many countries start to waver.
    Hermann Strohmeyer, vice president of Commerzbank AG's
foreign exchange trading and treasury department, said gold is
poised to rise to 460 to 470 dlrs an ounce in the second half
of this year.
    The price is unlikely to fall much below 380 or 390 dlrs an
ounce, and probably will continue in a range between 380 and
430 dlrs in the first half of this year, he said.
 Reuter

French operators have requested licences
to export 675,500 tonnes of maize, 245,000 tonnes of barley,
22,000 tonnes of soft bread wheat and 20,000 tonnes of feed
wheat at today's European Community tender, traders said.
    Rebates requested ranged from 127.75 to 132.50 European
Currency Units a tonne for maize, 136.00 to 141.00 Ecus a tonne
for barley and 134.25 to 141.81 Ecus for bread wheat, while
rebates requested for feed wheat were 137.65 Ecus, they said.
 Reuter

Computer Associates
International Inc said its board has declared a two-for-one
stock split, payable May Seven, record April Seven.
 Reuter

The French government will present to
parliament a major bill within two months to overhaul the Paris
stock market, economics and finance minister Edouard Balladur
said.
    Balladur told an Economist conference that on the product
side, a series of new contracts, including share options and
forward contracts in European Currency Units (ECUs), would be
introduced shortly for trading on the Paris bourse.
    The scope of the new bill, however, was to transform the
organisation of equity trading, allowing participants both to
perform a banking role and to trade in equities, he said.
 Reuter

Thermo Process Systems Inc said
it completed its purchase of Thermo Process Services Inc, a
subsidiary of Thermo Electron Corp &lt;TMO>.
    Thermo Process Systems said it issued 2,590,000 shares of
its common stock to Thermo Electron in connection with the
sale.
 Reuter


******MULFORD SAYS GERMANY, JAPAN HAVE NOT YET LIVED UP TO INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENTS
Blah blah blah.



Ford Motor Co neared General Motors
Corp last year in executive bonuses, while it topped the larger
automaker in profit sharing payments to workers.
    Ford, which outstripped GM in earnings last year, said its
1986 incentive bonuses totaled 167 mln dlrs, slightly behind
General Motors' 169.1 mln.
    General Motors, however, did not make any profit-sharing
payments to its workers, while Ford made a profit-sharing
distribution of 372 mln dlrs, or 2,100 dlrs per worker.
    General Motors, which saw its earnings drop to 2.94 billion
dlrs from 1985's 3.99 billion, said the 1986 profit was "not
sufficient to generate a payout under the profit-sharing
formula."
    Ford, which earned 3.28 billion dlrs in 1986, up from 2.51
billion in 1985, said it "recognizes employees' efforts and
fulfills its commitment to them in many ways, including
profit-sharing."
 Reuter

RCM Technologies Inc said its
contract to provide engineering personnel to the Sikorsky
Aircraft division of United Technologies Corp &lt;UTX> has been
increased by 4,300,000 dlrs to 11.0 mln dlrs.
    It said the contract runs through the end of 1987.   
 Reuter

Less than two months after First
Interstate Bancorp withdrew its bold attempt to buy BankAmerica
Corp, Chairman Joseph Pinola is still looking for a good buy,
but he is also looking at ways to avoid being bought.
    In a wide-ranging interview, Pinola said he's looking for
ways to improve profitability and capital between now and 1991,
"so as to resist any potential look at us...to maintain our
independence, if possible."
    In 1991 federal regulatory changes will allow the major
East Coast banks to buy banks in California.
    First Interstate, the fourth largest California bank, and
the nineth largest nationwide, owns 24 banks in 12 western
states and has franchise operations in four additional states.
    Bank industry sources say it is an attractive target for
large U.S. or foreign banks, looking to quickly move into the 
lucrative California market and the West Coast region.
    While declining specifics on his corporate strategy, when
asked if acquisitions will be part of the plan, Pinola replied,
"That's undoubtedly a fair statement...it would be almost naive
not to think that."
    Pinola characterized his acquisition strategy as
"opportunistic".
    He said he will look for banks in management trouble that
he can get at a bargain, then add management to restore
profitability, or for banks in states where First Interstate
already operates, then cut costs by combining resources.
    The exception, he said, would be Texas, where he said most
of the banks are already well managed, but might be purchased
at a discount because of the depressed regional economy.
    Pinola declined comment on what circumstances might move
him to rekindle his bid for BankAmerica, saying only, "We
continue to monitor and look at a lot of things and a lot of
people continue to monitor and look at us."
    Banking analysts, however, consider another First
Interstate bid at BankAmerica a long shot, not likely to happen
any time soon.
    Pinola called his decision last month to withdraw his 3.25
billion dlr bid at the nation's second largest bank, "a very,
very difficult decision."
    With that decision made, however, he acknowledged First
Interstate may now have a difficult time keeping its number
four position in the California banking community.
    "The competition in this state is tough," he said, noting
CityBank's recent purchase of 50 financial service branches
from Sears Roebuck company. "CityBank is moving rapidly to move
us down to fifth and Wells Fargo down to fourth," he said.
    Outside California, Pinola acknowledged that Security
Pacific Corp, with its recent acquisitions in Arizona,
Washington and Oregon, is quickly becoming a regional
competitor in areas where First Interstate has long dominated.
    "Security is, has been and continues to be a highly
profitable and obviously well managed company," he said.
    He added, however, First Interstate, at the moment, has the
advantages of having owned and managed regional banks longer
and has the recognition advantage of having given its regional
banks a common name.
    Pinola said while its coastal state banks are in good
financial condition, First Interstate continues to sustain
serious loan losses in its Rocky Mountain states, where energy,
real estate and agriculture dominate the economy.
    Asked if he thought loan losses in those areas had peaked,
he said, "I don't think it has bottomed out, because I think
most of the problems are real estate-related and the real
estate problems are going to be with us for several years."
    Pinola said another failing economic sector, agriculture in
the Midwest, has slowed expansion of First Interstate's
franchise operation.
    First Interstate has 42 franchise banks that offer First
Interstate financial services in ten states.
    While a year ago he was considering taking his franchise
operation east of the Mississippi River, Pinola said because
most of the franchise banks are now in the West, expansion into
the Midwest must come first.
    Calling the franchise system, "moderately profitable,"
Pinola said, "It is going to take a rejuvenation of the
agriculture sector for us to commence franchising at the speed
we were generating before the last year or two."
    On the banking industry in general, Pinola said he thinks
1987 will be another bad year for loan losses, with only banks
with minimal holdings in real estate able to improve profits.
 Reuter

Rogers Corp said first quarter
earnings will be up significantly from earnings of 114,000 dlrs
or four cts share for the same quarter last year.
    The company said it expects revenues for the first quarter
to be "somewhat higher" than revenues of 32.9 mln dlrs posted
for the year-ago quarter.
    Rogers said it reached an agreement for the sale of its
molded switch circuit product line to a major supplier.
    The sale, terms of which were not disclosed, will be
completed early in the second quarter, Rogers said.
 Reuter


******FRENCH UNEMPLOYMENT RISES TO SEASONALLY ADJUSTED 2.65 MLN IN FEBRUARY - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



The European Community Commission said
it had approved the creation of Himont, a company in which
Montedison SpA &lt;MONI.MI> of Italy and Hercules Inc &lt;HPC.N) are
major shareholders, after requesting changes in the two
partners' plans for the venture.
    Twenty pct of the capital of Himont, in which Montedison
and Hercules originally planned to take 50 pct stakes, has been
floated publicly and marketing and production agreements have
been modified on the Commission's advice, it said.
    Himont, which is incorporated in the U.S., Groups the two
firms' assets in the polypropylene sector.
    The modified agreements include the abandoning by Hercules
and Montedison of all their direct activities within the EC in
the downstream market of Himont.
    The EC authority said the modifications meant that the
creation of Himont did not appear to lead to restrictive
coordination of activities between Hercules and Montedison, nor
did their respective market shares give them a dominant
position.
    The Commission must approve such link-ups between
competitors under EC competition rules.
 REUTER

MCO Holdings Inc said its
shareholders and those of MAXXAM Group Inc have approved the
proposed merger of the two companies.
    MCO said one MAXXAM shareholder has filed an objection to
the proposed settlement of shareholder actions related to the
merger in the Delaware Court of Chancery. A hearing on the
settlement proposal is scheduled for March 27... The merger is
subject to court approval of the settlement as well as to other
conditions.
 Reuter

Standard Oil Co said British
Petroleum Co Plc's proposed offer of 70 dlrs a share for the 45
pct of Standard's stock not held by BP is being referred to a
special committee of the company's board.
    This committee, which is composed of the independent,
non-exective directors of the company, was formed in April 1986
for the purpose of monitoring the relationship between Standard
Oil and BP.
    Standard said the group will consider BP's offer in due
course noting the committee has retained the First Boston Corp
and Cravath Swaine and Moore as advisers.               
 Reuter

Qtly div five cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May 29
    NOTE: Prior payment adjusted for two-for-one stock split
declared recently.
 Reuter

Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc
said an initial public offering of 800,000 common shares is
underway at 15 dlrs per share through sole underwriter &lt;Smith
Barney, Harris Upham and Co>.
 Reuter

The French government will present to
parliament a major bill within two months to overhaul the Paris
stock market, economics and finance minister Edouard Balladur
said.
    Balladur told an Economist conference that on the product
side, a series of new contracts, including share options and
forward contracts in European Currency Units (ECUs), would be
introduced shortly for trading on the Paris bourse.
    The scope of the new bill, however, was to transform the
organisation of equity trading, allowing participants both to
perform a banking role and to trade in equities, he said.
    "Currently, the French market is based on the Napoleonic
principle of separation of equity trading and banking. This
principle has become a dividing, and therefore a weakening,
factor for the market," Balladur said.
    He said under the planned new rules, stock brokers,
currently very specialised and undercapitalised, would be free
to link up with powerful financial institutions after a
five-year transition period.
    Stock brokerages would be subject to legislation similar to
that in the U.K. And U.S., He said, adding the Paris market
would actively attempt to attract foreign securities houses.
    Balladur said the French securities market had enjoyed
strong growth in the past 10 years, with new share and bond
issues totalling 430 billion French francs in 1986, compared
with 53 billion in 1976.
    New share issues alone totalled 63 billion francs in 1986,
up 230 pct from the 1985 level of 19 billion francs, he said.
    Total market capitalisation stood at 3,200 billion francs
at end-1986, compared with 400 billion 10 years earlier, while
stock and bond trades were valued at 2,200 billion francs last
year against 56 billion in 1976, he said.
    Balladur, who also had private talks with U.K. Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher and Chancellor of the Exchequer
Nigel Lawson, said his government was also preparing a bill to
liberalise the French insurance sector.
    Under the proposed rules, an independent regulatory
insurance commission will be set up. The commission will be
endowed with powers similar to those of a body set up earlier
to monitor the banking sector, Balladur said.
    He said the new bill would also aim to adapt insurance
regulation to take account of the ever-closer integration of
all areas of finance.
 REUTER

Mobil Corp said it will spend over 30
mln dlrs to upgrade a gasoline-producing unit at its Beaumont,
Texas, refinery.
    It said the unit is a catalytic reformer, which converts
low-octane components of gasoline into high-octane components
for use in Super Unleaded gasoline.
    The company said the modernization will allow the unit to
regenerate catalysts on a continuous basis without shutdown.
Currently, it must be shut twice a year.  The unit produces
46,000 barrels of gasoline components a year.  Construction
will start late this year, with completion set for mid-1989.
 Reuter

Contel Corp said it has agreed in
principle to acquire &lt;Walker County Telephone Co> of LaFayette,
Ga., for an undisclosed amount of common stock.
    Walker has 7,600 customers in northeast Georgia.
    The company said the agreement is subject to approval by
regulatory agencies, both boards and Walker shareholders.
 Reuter

Bank of Boston Corp expects first
quarter earnings will range between 90 cts and one dlr a share,
up from 79 cts a share last year, Chairman William Brown said.
    He told shareholders the company has a 190 mln dlr exposure
in loans to Brazil if that country defaults on its debt
payments. If a default does occur, it would first quarter
earnings by about five cts a share, which would bring the
bank's in the lower level of the estimated range, he added.
    Brown noted the 1986 first quarter net included a 17 cts
gain from loan restructurings which will not appear this year.
    Brown said the bank's other nonperforming assets, not
including its Brazilian exposure, could rise to over 700 mln
dlrs at the end of this quarter compared with 669 mln dlrs a
year earlier and 614 mln dlrs at the end of 1986.
    He said the increase includes all of its Equadorian loans
which he expects will be ultimately repaid after the company
recovers from an earthquake earlier this year.
    Brown said the increase also includes some Mexican and
Venezuelan loans as those nations are also facing credit
problems.
    Brown said the Bank of Boston remains "cautiously optimitic
about the full year even if our Brazilian exposure were to be
on nonaccural all year." In 1986, the bank earned 3.69 dlrs a
share, or 232.8 mln dlrs on net interest revenues of 1.08
billion dlrs.
    President Ira Stepanian told the shareholders's meeting the
bank's total loans to Argentina, Brazil and Mexico totaled 875
mln dlrs at the end of 1986, 37 pct of its primary capital.
Brazil loans total 300 mln dlrs, of which about two-thirds are
affected by its suspension of interest payments on its medium
and long term foreign debt.
 Reuter

British Petroleum Co PLC's
announcement that its U.S. subsidiary intends to tender for the
45 pct of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD> it does not already own,
catapulted U.S. oil stocks sharply higher this morning, traders
and analysts said.
    "It raises the specter of additional consolidation in the
industry and that is what is boosting the other oils," analyst
Rosario Ilacqua of L.F. Rothschild said.
    Sanford Margoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers said "this
deal shows that British Petroleum, a conservative investor that
knows the oil business, is clearly confident in the U.S. oil
industry, and that shines well on the U.S. companies."
    Philips Petroleum &lt;P> gained 3/4 to 15-7/8, Occidental
Petroleum &lt;OXY> one to 34-5/8, USX Corp &lt;X>, with its Marathon
Oil Co unit, rose 1/2 to 28-3/8. Exxon &lt;XON> climbed one to
88-3/8, Mobil &lt;MOB> one to 50-1/4, Atlantic Richfield &lt;ARC>
3-1/8 to 80-1/2, Amoco &lt;AN> 1-7/8 to 84-1/8, and Amerada Hess
one to 33-5/8. BP gained 2-3/8 to 59-3/4.
    Both analysts said the rise in Standard's price this
morning to above the proposed tender price of 70 dlrs a share,
is an indication that investors expect the bid to be sweetened.
Standard gained 6-3/4 to 71-5/8.
    The analysts cited Royal Dutch/Shell Group's &lt;RD> &lt;SC> bid
for Shell Oil Co, which was sweetened before its successful
conclusion.
    Margoshes said the BP action "is an articulation of the
underlying value of oil companies in the marketplace." But he
expressed skepticism that this will necessarily lead to
heightened merger or buyout activity in the oil group.
 Reuter

,
41 pct owned by &lt;Hees International Corp>, said earnings and
cash flow will improve in 1987, even if oil and gas prices
remain at 1986 levels.
    The improvement will result from production increases,
lower taxes and royalties, reduced financing costs and from
operating efficiencies and downsizing put into place during
1986, the company said in the annual report.
    Norcen previously reported 1986 earnings, excluding a 20.1
mln dlr writeoff, declined by 58 pct to 50.0 mln dlrs from
119.7 mln dlrs in in 1985.
    Norcen's 1986 cash flow fell 10 pct to 204.9 mln dlrs from
228.9 mln dlrs in the prior year.
    It said the sharp decline in oil prices during 1986 was the
most significant factor for Norcen's reduced performance.
    "While financial results are far from the previous year's
record levels, it is clear that Norcen has withstood declining
prices and remains financially and operationally strong," Norcen
said. It did not give a specific 1987 profit forecast.
    The company said it is well positioned to capitalize on
profitable opportunities in its core business areas, and will
continue to invest to increase revenue and asset values.
 Reuter

Shr loss 97 cts
    Net loss 1,364,453
    Sales 737,971
    NOTE: Company in development stage.
 Reuter

Bally Manufacturing Corp said it has
elected Paul Johnson a vice president and named him chief
financial officer, replacing Donald Romans, who took early
retirement.
    Bally also said it has appointed Jerry Blumenshine,
formerly a vice president, treasurer to fill the position left
vacant by Johnson.
 Reuter


******FED SETS TWO BILLION DLR CUSTOMER REPURCHASE, FED SAYS
Blah blah blah.



Ricoh Corp, the U.S. unit
of Japan-based &lt;Ricoh Ltd>, said it merged Ricoh Systems Inc
into Ricoh Corp.
    The U.S. unit also purchased Ricoh Electronics Inc from the
parent company.
    The company said the reorganization unites the sales,
research and development, and manufacturing operations of all
the U.S. units.
 Reuter

Shr 43 cts vs 52 cts
    Shr diluted 41 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 1,916,000 vs 2,281,000
    Revs 32.6 mln vs 22.6 mln
 Reuter

The Commerce Commission has approved
a proposed merger between &lt;Progressive Enterprises Ltd> and
&lt;Rainbow Corp Ltd>, Rainbow said in a statement.
    The merger involves the formation of a new company &lt;Astral
Pacific Corp Ltd> which will acquire all shares in both
companies on a one-for-one share exchange basis.
    Rainbow earlier this week lifted its stake in Progressive
to 52 pct from 44 pct. The statement said a new private
company, &lt;Transcapital Corp Ltd>, fully owned by Rainbow
directors Craig Heatley, Gary Lane and Ken Wikeley, will
purchase this stake for an undisclosed cash sum.
    The Commission has also approved Transcapital acquiring up
to 45 pct of Astral Pacific, Rainbow said.
    &lt;Brierley Investments Ltd>, which has been a frequent
critic of the merger, launched a full bid for Progressive at
4.20 N.Z. Dlrs a share last Monday.
 REUTER

Gross domestic product (GDP)
growth in 1987 is expected to grow by between 1.5 and two pct,
up from one pct in 1986, the central bank said.
    The forecast compares with the one pct GDP growth forecast
made by the Treasury last October.
    Bank Negara also said in its annual report that gross
national product (GNP) is expected to grow by 3.5 to four pct,
after declining 7.3 pct in 1986.
    It said that a turnaround in investor confidence since last
November had been spurred by a moderate improvement in oil and
commodity prices and a rise in manufacturing exports.
    Growth in 1987 is expected to come from the anticipated
rise in export earnings if the industrialised countries sustain
their average GNP growth at 2.5 to three pct, it added.
    Bank Negara said its forecast assumes that crude oil will
average 15.50 dlrs a barrel, rubber at 210 cents a kilo, palm
oil at 850 ringgit a tonne, tin at 17 ringgit a kilo and a rise
of 12 pct in manufacturing exports.
    It said Malaysia's international terms of trade will turn
around to rise by two pct in 1987 after declining 12 pct in
1986 and five pct in 1985.
    "In 1987, income will be higher, private consumer spending
is likely to recover and expand... The budget will remain under
strict control... The resource gap in the government's finances
on current account will be bridged over the near term," Bank
Governor Jaafar Hussein said in the report.
    The current account deficit is expected to narrow to 1.19
billion ringgit in 1986 or 1.8 pct of GNP from 1.79 billion or
2.5 pct of the GNP the previous year.
    The bank forecasts the inflation rate will increase by 1.5
pct, after its 0.7 pct rise in 1986.
 REUTER

The price of gold bullion is likely
to rise in the second half of the year on increased private
investor demand, West German analysts said.
    Gold could rise as high as 500 dlrs per ounce later this
year, said Peter Witte, director of Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale's trading division, after a presentation by the
U.S. Mint to promote its gold and silver Eagle series coins.
    "A lot will depend on oil prices and developments on stock
exchanges," Witte said, adding he saw gold positioned for
further rises once it breaks out above 450 dlrs.
    Gold was fixed this morning in London at 411.30 dlrs.
    Despite current strong interest in gold mine stocks, many
investors still want to buy physical gold, Witte said.
    Interest in gold mine stocks may also wane if stock
exchange rallies under way in many countries start to waver.
    Hermann Strohmeyer, vice president of Commerzbank AG's
foreign exchange trading and treasury department, said gold is
poised to rise to 460 to 470 dlrs an ounce in the second half
of this year.
    The price is unlikely to fall much below 380 or 390 dlrs an
ounce, and probably will continue in a range between 380 and
430 dlrs in the first half of this year, he said.
 REUTER

Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay April Eight
    Record March 26
 Reuter

Qtrly div 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter

The St Lawrence Seaway between Lake
Ontario and Montreal is still scheduled to open for the
shipping season on March 31, a Seaway official said.
    The Great Lakes could have been open for traffic earlier
this month due to the mild Winter, but scheduled repairs to the
Welland Canal joining Lake Erie with Lake Ontario will keep
that section closed until the April 1 opening, she said.
    One lock system in the four-lock Soo Canal joining Lake
Superior with Huron was opened on the morning of March 22, but
only three commercial vessels have been locked through so far,
according to an U.S. Army Corps of Engineers official.
    The Soo Canal is currently only open for daylight vessel
movement, with 24 hour movement allowed beginning March 29, she
added.
 Reuter

A large Dutch animal feed compounder
will begin formal legal proceedings early next month as a test
case on the way the EC grain co-responsibility levy is applied,
a spokesman for Dutch grain and feed trade association, Het
Comite, told Reuters.
    Het Comite has been co-ordinating national actions against
alleged distortions caused by currency factors in the levy and,
since December, has lodged more than 80 individual cases with
the Business Appeal Court in The Hague.
    The basic complaint is that the levy does not take account
of currency cross-rates of exchange and therefore compounders
in countries with strong currencies may have to pay more in
their own currency than is paid to them by producers in another
country.
    Het Comite has obtained a temporary agreement that
companies can pay the amount they receive toward the levy
rather than paying a full guilder amount to the Dutch grain
commodity board.
    The spokesman said Het Comite will provide financial and
legal backing to the test case in the Business Administration
Court in the Hague. Oral proceedings are to begin on April 10.
    The spokesman said Het Comite finally selected the company
for the test case from among the 80 lodged "because the bill
(the firm) received from the commodity board for payment of the
levy contained significant currency distortions and involved
grain from a wide variety of origins." The name of the company
is not being made public.
    The Administration Court is not expected to make a final
ruling on the case in the near future. The Het Comite spokesman
said it was very likely it would refer questions to the Appeal
Court in Luxembourg, and "as a result it could easily be another
nine to 12 months before the matter is finally resolved."
    Meanwhile, the actions by Dutch animal feed compounders are
putting pressure on the commodity board to urge the Dutch
government to follow through on earlier statements and seek a
complete review in Brussels of the way in which the levy is
collected, the spokesman said.
    Het Comite, as a member of FEFAC, the association of
European animal feed manufacturers, is also a party to actions
protesting the whole levy in the Luxembourg appeal court.
 Reuter

ASTRONET Corp, which is jointly
owned by &lt;Mitsubishi Corp> and &lt;Stromberg-Carlson Corp>  said
it entered into three separate agreements to supply cellular
telephone systems in Roanoke, Va.; Montgomery, Ala.; and San
Angelo, Texas.
 Reuter

Atlantic Research Corp said its
propulsion division won a contract valued at 54 mln dlrs from
the missiles unit of LTV Corp's &lt;QLTV> LTV Missiles and
Electronics Group.
    The contract authorizes the fifth year increment of a
multiyear contract to make solid-propellant rocket motors for
the U.S. Army's Multiple Launch Rocket System, the company
said.
 Reuter

Thomas and Betts Corp said it
filed a patent infringement suit against three companies in
connection with the manufacture and sale of its 50 Position
Transition "D" Subminiature IDC electronic connectors.
    The company said the suit was filed in U.S. District Court
for the District of Delaware. Named in the suit were &lt;Carrot
Components Corp>, &lt;ODU-Kontact GmbH and Co> and &lt;KG and G and H
Technologies Inc>, it said.
    Thomas and Betts said it is seeking an injunction to
prevent the future sale of the connectors, as well as damages.
 Reuter

Ford Motor Credit Co, a unit of Ford
Motor Co, is offering in the domestic debt market 100 mln New
Zealand dlrs of floating-rate notes due 1990, said sole manager
Bear, Stearns and Co.
    The initial rate for the notes will be set on April 15 at
200 basis points below the 90-day New Zealand bank bill rate.
After that, the rate will be reset quarterly.
    Non-callable to maturity, the issue pays quarterly and is
rated A-1 by Moody's and AA-minus by S and P. Underwriters said
floaters denominated in a foreign currency are a new wrinkle on
Wall Street.
 Reuter

Shr profit 61 cts vs loss 45 cts
    Net profit 3,568,000 vs loss 2,598,000
    Revs 34.6 mln vs 31.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,861,000 vs 5,776,000
    Year
    Shr profit 56 cts vs loss 32 cts
    Net profit 3,374,000 vs loss 1,759,000
    Revs 132.0 mln vs 131.6 mln
    NOTE: 1985 quarter net includes 665,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he expected the U.S. Trade deficit to fall by 15 billion to 20
billion dlrs in 1987.
    Commenting on the deficit during an interview on Cable News
Network, Baker said "I think you're going to see a 15 to 20
billion dlr reduction this year." The deficit was 170 billion
dlrs in 1986.
    Baker noted that the benefits of a weaker currency take 12
to 18 months to affect the trade balance, and said it is now 18
months since the Plaza agreement to lower the dollar's value.
            
 Reuter

 turnover in the
United States will rise to about 2.6 billion dlrs in the
current year to end September from 2.2 billion in 1985/86,
management board chairman Karlheinz Kaske said.
    He told the annual meeting 80 pct of last year's sales came
from products made in the U.S.. He added Siemens was as
interested as U.S. Authorities in reducing the massive trade
deficit and calming down trade relations.
    "But we would show no understanding if this (trade deficit
reduction) was attempted through means incompatible with the
principle of free world trade," Kaske said.
    Siemens has been the subject of pressure by U.S.
Telecommunications authorities to limit its access to the U.S.
Market for digital telephone switching equipment.
    The Federal Communications Commission announced in December
it was starting an enquiry into the blocking of free access to
the telecommunications market by foreign firms, with officers
saying reciprocal access was not available to U.S. Firms
abroad.
    For years Siemens was the only supplier of public switching
stations to the Bundespost, the German federal post office.
Regulatory authorities in 1982 opened Bundespost contracts to
tenders from other domestic and foreign suppliers.
    But foreign authorities have complained that too many
restrictions to overseas suppliers still remain.
    Kaske said neither Siemens nor the Bundespost could be held
responsible for the U.S. Trade deficit and noted the U.S. Was
still achieving substantial surpluses in trade with West
Germany in the electrical and telecommunications sector.
    The Bundespost is far more open to supplies from abroad
than telephone companies in the U.S. Japan or France, he added.
 Reuter

F.W. Dodge, a division of Mcgraw-Hill
Inc &lt;MPH>, said that contracting for new construction fell four
pct in February to an annualized rate of 227.6 billion dlrs.
    Construction fell three pct in January, Dodge said.
    Dodge reported that nonresidential building declined four
pct to an annualized rate of 74.5 billion dlrs, residential
building rose five pct to an annualized rate of 121.6 billion
dlrs and nonbuilding construction declined 27 pct to an
annualized rate of 31.5 billion dlrs.
     For the year to date, Dodge reported 1987's unadjusted
total of contracting for new construction fell four pct to 30.4
billion dlrs.
    Nonresidential building declined seven pct to an unadjusted
10.5 billion dlrs, residential building rose two pct to an
unadjusted 14.9 billion dlrs and nonbuilding construction
declined 11 pct to an unadjusted 5.0 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

The Bank of Spain provided 1,145 billion
pesetas in assistance funds which bankers said reflected fears
of fresh increases in overnight rates.
    The daily auction was the biggest of the year and comes
after the previous record set last June 6 of 1,240 billion
pesetas.
    A spokesman for one of Spain top five banks said higher
overnight call money rates were expected in the short term in
view of disappointing money supply figures for February.
    The M-4 money supply, measured as liquid assets in public
hands, rose 16.7 pct last month against 8.1 pct in January and
compared with this year's eight pct target. Money supply growth
was 11.4 pct last year.
    The central bank on Tuesday raised overnight rates by a
quarter of a percentage point to 14 pct on demand for 746
billion pesetas. Rates stood at 12.1 pct at the start of the
year and have been increased to drain liquidity on rising
demand for funds. "The policy is proving counter-productive and
rates will have to come down in the long-term," the bank
spokesman said in reply to Reuters enquiries.
    He said higher rates were fuelling an influx of short-term
speculative capital from abroad.
    "At least 800 mln dlrs of current excess liquidity in the
system is convertible pesetas from West Germany and other
countries with much lower rates," he said.
 REUTER

Colonial American Bankshares Corp
said it met with the dissident shareholder group Colonial
American Shareholders Committee to consider a settlement to
their dispute that would give the group representation on the
Colonial board, but the talks broke down.
    The company said it does not want a proxy contest, but if
the committee presents nominees for election as directors at
the April 27 annual meeting, Colonial will take "all
appropriate steps" to win.
    The company said "There was disagreement on several issues,
including a demand by the committee for reimbursement by the
corporation of approximately 275,000 dlrs in exepnses incurred
by the committee.  The board felt it was inappropriate to
reimburse the committee for any of its expenses."
    The group owns under 15 pct of Colonial stock.  Colonial
has nominated a slate of four directors for election at the
annual meeting.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S MULFORD SAYS G-6 HAS NO CURRENCY TARGET ZONES, RANGES
Blah blah blah.



Walt Disney Co Ltd is issuing a 60 mln
Australian dlr eurobond due May 7, 1990 with a 14-1/2 pct
coupon and priced at 101-3/8 pct, Warburg Securities said as
lead manager.
    The non-callable bonds will be issued in denominations of
1,000 Australian dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Gross fees of 1-1/2 pct comprise one pct for selling and
1/2 pct for management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Libyan troops are hastily evacuating
their last important stronghold in northern Chad, leaving the
key desert oasis undefended against advancing Chad government
troops, military and diplomatic sources said.
    They said a Libyan force of some 3,000 men was abandoning
the oasis of Faya-Largeau but added that severe sand storms
across Chad could be delaying the pull out and an expected
government strike on the town.
    Swirling clouds of sand, which have closed the capital of
N'Djamena to commercial flights for two days, have sharply
reduced visibility and made it difficult to determine the exact
situation around Faya, French military officials said.
    The hurried Libyan evacuation, which started yesterday
morning, follows the capture on Sunday of Libya's best-defended
and vitally important air base at Ouadi Doum, 145 kms (90
miles) northeast of Faya.
    The fall of Ouadi Doum, which Chad said cost 1,269 Libyan
lives, deprived Libya of its only hard surface runway in Chad
capable of taking Soviet-made bombers and transport planes and
left Faya-Largeau isolated and encircled by government troops.
    Libyan forces are reported to have blown up stocks of fuel
and ammunition on Tuesday night before starting to flee
northwards towards the Tibesti mountain region, which adjoins
Libya's southern border.
 Reuter

Stone Container Corp said it has
elected to redeem 200 mln dlrs of convertible debt.
    The paperboard and packaging producer said the debt
consists of the entire outstanding principal amount of its
6-3/4 pct convertible subordinated debentures due April 15,
2011, and all of its outstanding series C cumulative
convertible exchangeable preferred shares, both issued in the
principal amount of 100 mln dlrs each.
    Stone said April 10 is the redemption date for the
convertible debentures and April 27 is the redemption date for
the series C preferred.
    Stone Container said the convertible debentures' redemption
price is 1067.50 dlrs plus accrued interest of 32.81 dlrs for a
total of 1100.31 dlrs for each 1,000 dlrs prinicipal amount of
the debentures. Interest on the debentures will stop accruing
on and after its redemption date, the company said.
    Stone Container added that the series C preferred's
redemption price is 53.15 dlrs plus accrued and unpaid
dividends of 12 cts for a total of 53.27 dlrs a share.
Dividends on the shares will stop accruing on and after their
redemption date as well, Stone Container said.
    Stone Container said shareholders also have the right to
convert any or all of the debt into common shares at the
conversion price of 56 dlrs a common share, or about 17.857
shares for each 1,000 dlrs of debentures ,and .893 shares for
each series C share.
    The company said the conversion right will terminate after
1700 EST April 9 for the debentures and 1700 EST April 13 for
the series C.
    Stone said that those electing to convert their holdings to
common shares, becoming holders of record by May 22, will be
entitled to the 20 cts per share quarterly cash dividend
payable June 12, as well as the additional shares from the
previously announced two-for-one stock split to be issued on
June 12.
 Reuter

The Executive Directors of the Islamic
Development Bank (IDB) approved a total of 115 mln dlrs of
trade and project financing loans to its member countries in
the first two days of its meetings here, a bank statement said.
    Two Turkish iron and steel companies were lent a total of
14.5 mln dlrs for modernisation projects to be paid over 10
years with a two-year grace period.
    Libya is to receive 8.9 mln dlrs for a plant to produce
concrete blocks, North Yemen 5.5 mln dlrs for roads and
Maldives 1.8 mln dlrs for school construction.
    The board approved a 4.2 mln dlrs loan to Benin for the
construction of the Cotonou port, to be repaid in 25 years with
a five year grace period, the statement said.
    The directors also approved 15 mln dlrs of loans each for
Turkey, Morocco and Jordan, 16 mln dlrs for Algeria, 10 mln
dlrs for South Yemen, six mln dlrs for Tunisia and 3.1 mln dlrs
for Malaysia to finance the import of commodities including
crude oil, petroleum products and basic computer components.
    The directors are expected to end their meetings later
today and the IBD Governors will start a two-day annual meeting
in Istanbul on Saturday.
 REUTER

Symbol Technologies Inc said it
has received an order worth over five mln dlrs to install its
LS-7000 hand-held laser scanners and related equipment in all
271 U.S. Toys "R" Us Inc &lt;TOY> stores by the end of calendar
1987.
 Reuter

Rabbit Software Corp said it
agreed in principle to merge with &lt;CTI Data Inc>, a privately
owned communications company.
    According to terms, CTI holders and employees will receive
200,000 shares of Rabbit stock and royalties on sales of CTI
Products. CTI will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Rabbit.
    The deal is subject to completion of a definitive merger
agreement, receipt of third party approvals and other
conditions, the company said.
 Reuter


******BANK OF BOSTON EXPECTS 1ST QTR EARNINGS FROM 90 CTS TO 1.00 DLRS/SHR VS 79 CTS
Blah blah blah.



USAir Group Inc said the U.S.
Department of Transportation has issued an order allowing it to
purchase and hold in a voting trust the 9,309,394 Piedmont
Aviation Inc shares USAir is seeking in its current 69 dlr per
share tender offer.
    The company said the new order supersedes an order issued
by the department last Friday that would have required USAir to
sell within one week of expiration of the tender any Piedmont
shares it held in excess of 51 pct of the Piedmont stock then
outstanding.
    The company said the 9,309,394 Piedmont shares, together
with the 2,292,599 Piedmont shares already owned by USAir,
constitute about 50.1 pct of Piedmont's shares on a
fully-diluted basius but about 61.0 pct of shares currently
outstanding.
    The shares are to be held in a voting trust pending the
department's review of USAir's application to obtain control of
Piedmont.
 Reuter

The release of U.K. February trade data
showing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376
mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopes
of an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.
    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, with
expectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750
mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharply
narrower than January's 527 mln deficit.
    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase Manhattan
Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.
    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weaker
morning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted index
against a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged from
yesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.
    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil trade
pattern would undermine international support for sterling,
which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.
Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begun
to doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending rates
to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.
    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.
    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current account
deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, Wroblewski said.
    Seasonally adjusted figures showed imports rose in February
to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.
    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.
    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips and
Drew said the faster rise in exports than imports would prove
partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast the
Chancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer
expenditure on imported goods.
    However, Warburg Securities economist Ian Harwood said his
firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficit
forecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billion
stg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.
    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goods
confirmed recent bullish surveys among members of the
Confederation of British Industry.
    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even if
January's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseas
goods and import-intensive stock building among manufacturers,
Harwood said.
    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2
point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worries
about the figures evaporated.
    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settling
to a steady 1.6050 about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher than
the European low of 1.5960.
    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in market
sentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.
    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market was
largely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that the
Conservative government's support was slipping.
    LONDON, March 26 - The Bank of England said it provided 15
mln stg in assistance to the money market this morning, buying
bank bills in band two at 9-13/16 pct.
    Earlier the Bank revised its money market liquidity
forecast from a flat position to a deficit of around 350 mln
stg.
 REUTER

Sandoz Corp, a U.S. Subsidiary of Sandoz
AG, is establishing a 50 mln dlr euro-commercial paper (CP)
program, Morgan Guaranty Ltd said as one of the dealers.
    The other dealer is Swiss Bank Corp International Ltd and
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York is issuing and paying
agent.
    Paper will have maturities between seven and 183 days and
will be issued in global and definitive form.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he opposed a stock transactions tax proposed by House Speaker
Jim Wright, D-Tex, or other special taxes.
    "The stock transfer tax would be a particularly unfortunate
approach to take," Baker said in an interview with Cable News
Network.
    The United States has some of the most efficient capital
markets in the world and new taxes would impair efficiency, he
said.
 Reuter


******FOOTE MINERAL CO IN LETTER OF INTENT TO MERGE INTO RIO TINTO-ZINC
Blah blah blah.



Qtly div 44.5 cts vs 44.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Hong Kong recorded a 3.51 billion
H.K. Dlr deficit in February after a 2.54 billion dlr surplus
in January as imports climbed and exports slid, the Census and
Statistics Department said.
    The deficit compared with a deficit of 1.76 billion dlrs in
February 1986.
    Imports rose to 24.12 billion dlrs, up 2.6 pct from
January's 23.52 billion dlrs and 42 pct above the 16.98 billion
dlrs recorded in February 1986.
    Total exports for the month fell 20.9 pct to 20.61 billion
dlrs from 26.06 billion in January.
    February exports were still 35.4 pct above the 15.22
billion dlrs recorded in the same month last year.
    Re-exports, the territory's traditional entrepot trade,
outpaced domestically produced exports for the first time since
March 1985.
    Re-exports fell 11.6 pct to 10.62 billion dlrs from 12.0
billion dlrs in January but were 54 pct above February 1986's
6.88 billion dlrs. Domestic exports slid 28.9 pct to 9.99
billion dlrs from January's 14.05 billion dlrs but were up 19.7
pct over the 8.35 billion dlrs recorded in February 1986.
 REUTER

K mart Corp said it signed an
agreement to supply merchandise for Entertainment Marketing
Inc's &lt;EM> home shopping subsidiary, Consumer Discount Network.
    K mart, through its Ultra Buying Network, will begin
supplying non-electronic goods to Consumer Discount Network as
of April 1.
    It said Entertainment Marketing and K mart agreed to share
in the profits. In addition, K mart will receive warrants to
buy two mln shares of Entertainment Marketing's common stock.
 Reuter

Jefferies and Co Inc said it is
making a market in Standard Oil Co at 73 bid offerred at 75 --
has been trading stock at 74.
 Reuter

One hundred members of Britain's ruling
Conservative Party have signed a motion calling for trade
sanctions against Japan to force Tokyo to open its domestic
market to British goods.
    The government announced last week that Japan had a 5.9
billion dlr trade surplus with Britain in 1986.
    The Department of Trade and Industry said the government
was drawing up contingency plans to force Japan into opening up
its domestic markets but a spokesman said such moves were very
much a last resort.
    Ideas being considered included blocking Japanese companies
from trading in Britain and revoking licenses of Japanese
operations in the London financial district.
 Reuter

Treasury Assistant Secretary David
Mulford reaffirmed U.S. backing for the Paris Agreement among
six industrial nations to cooperate closely to foster exchange
rate stability around current levels.
    In testimony prepared for delivery before a Senate banking
subcommittee, Mulford said there was broad recognition in Paris
that "further substantial exchange rate shifts could damage
growth and adjustment prospects."
    But he also said while there are clear understandings among
the countries regarding cooperation, "We have refrained from
establishing a system of target zones or ranges."
    Mulford also said the six nations have not spelled out the
way in which they intend to deal with possible market
developments.
    He said governments must retain flexibility in dealing with
exchange market pressures and efforts to establish rigid
exchange rate objectives "or to specify too precisely the goals
of intervention" would hurt official attempts to react to
market pressures, he said.
    Accordingly, Mulford said setting specific currency
objectives and intervention to achieve those objectives would
be counterproductive.
    Commenting on the trade deficit, Mulford reiterated the
Treasury position that the current account deficit will decline
from 148 billion dlrs last year to around 130 billion dlrs this
year, due to the exchange rate adjustments of the past 18
months.
    But he added trade imbalances would also be corrected by
commitments from West Germany and Japan to stimulate their
economies and by U.S. efforts to cut the budget deficit and
enhance U.S. competitiveness.
    He also said some newly industrialized countries should let
their currencies appreciate.
 Reuter

Qtly div nine cts vs 7.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter

Credit Lyonnais Australia is issuing a
40 mln Australian dlr eurobond paying 14-1/2 pct and priced at
101-1/8 pct, lead manager Hambros Bank Ltd said.
    The bond is due April 24, 1990 and is guaranteed by Credit
Lyonnais. It will be available in denominations of 1,000 dlrs
and will listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise one pct selling concession with 1/2 pct
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

 said it
intends to raise about five mln dlrs from the private sale of
convertible preferred stock.
    The company said based on successful completion of the
placement, proceeds of which will be used to expand gold and
silver recovery, it hopes to produce 14,000 ounces of gold and
210,000 ounces of silver this year, up from 2,500 and 15,000
respectively last year.
 Reuter

British Petroleum Co PLC's
announcement that its U.S. subsidiary intends to tender for the
45 pct of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD> it does not already own,
catapulted U.S. oil stocks sharply higher this morning, traders
and analysts said.
    "It raises the specter of additional consolidation in the
industry and that is what is boosting the other oils," analyst
Rosario Ilacqua of L.F. Rothschild said.
    Sanford Margoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers said "this
deal shows that British Petroleum, a conservative investor that
knows the oil business, is clearly confident in the U.S. oil
industry, and that shines well on the U.S. companies."
 More

Shr loss two cts vs loss four cts
    Net loss 44,000 vs loss 85,000
    Sales 370,000 vs 299,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 134,000 vs loss 56,000
    Sales 1,211,000 vs 1,069,000
    NOTE: Prior nine mths net includes 10,000 dlr loss on sale
of marketable securities.
    Prior quarter net includes 1,000 dlr tax credit.
    Current year net includes provisions for loss on investment
in preferred stock of 4,000 dlrs in quarter and 15,000 dlrs in
nine mths.
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve is expected to
enter the U.S. government securities market to add reserves
during its usual intervention period today, economists said.
    With federal funds trading at a steady 6-3/16 pct, most
economists expect an indirect injection of temporary reserves
via a medium-sized round of customer repurchase agreements.
    However, some economists said the Fed may arrange more
aggressive system repurchase agreements.
    Economists would also not rule out an outright bill pass
early this afternoon. Such action had been widely anticipated
yesterday but failed to materialize.
 Reuter

Farmers Commodities of Des Moines,
Iowa, has taken steps to become a clearing member of the
Chicago Board of Trade for farm cooperatives that currently
trade through Illnois Cooperative Futures Co.
    Hal Richards, president of Farmers Commodities, said the
company already has bought a membership at the futures exchange
and has applied for clearing status.
    He said the company is attempting to become the clearing
company for the members of Illinois Coop after they voted to
dissolve the company Wednesday.
    Illinois Coop will cease operating April 24.
    Richards declined to say how many of the Illinois Coop
members were considering joining Farmers, but he said the
number was "significant."
    He said he was recruiting the staff of Illinois Coop,
including Al Evans, back office manager.
    Richards said Farmers Commodities was the largest member of
Illinois Coop, and its 700 members felt that the coop should
retain a clearing membership at the board.
    "It allows us to get better quality execution," he said.
    "Anyone who wants to join our clearing corporation in the
cooperative system, we'll invite them to join us.
    "I think we'll attract others to us because it's our intent
to pass the profit back on to the individual members," he said.
 Reuter


******MULFORD DISAPPOINTED IN NEWLY INDUSTRIALIZED (NICS) EFFORTS TO STRENGTHEN CURRENCIES
Blah blah blah.



Thermo Process Systems Inc said
it won a 1.5 mln dlr contract from Avtopromimport, a trading
company in the Soviet Union.
    The company said it will supply a fully automated,
rotary-hearth furnace system to treat automobile transmission
gears.

 Reuter

The Senate voted unanimously to seek
an expedited U.S. probe of Canadian tariffs on corn imports to
determine if the United States should retaliate.
    By 99 to 0, the Senate went on record against the 84.9
cents per bushel tariff approved by the Canadian Import
Tribunal.
    The non binding measure asked for a probe by the U.S. Trade
Representative to determine within 30 days whether the tariff
violates the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and if so
recommend within 60 days to President Reagan retaliatory action
against Canada.
 Reuter

Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said it is in Japan's national interest to make greater efforts
to reduce its trade surplus.
    He told business executives the most important issues for
the world economy are the correction of international trade
imbalances and a solution to the world debt problem.
    To this end, Japan and the U.S. Must make medium- and
long-term efforts to alter economic structures which have
expanded the trade gap between the two nations. World economic
growth and therefore an expansion of debtor countries' export
markets are needed to solve the debt issue, he added.
 REUTER

Don Gevirtz, chairman of The Foothill
Group Inc, told Reuters the company's first quarter results
will be up sharply over last year's eight cents a share.
    "First quarter results will be dramatically better," he
said following a presentation to analysts. He cited a sharp
drop in non-earning assets, healthy asset growth and lower
expenses.
    He declined to predict specific results for the first
quarter. In the 1986 first quarter, the commerical finance
company earned 606,000 dlrs, or eight cts per share.
    Gevirtz also declined to predict full year results, but
said, "We expect an excellent year." In 1986 Foothill earned
3,239,000 dlrs, or 41 cts per share.
    Analysts expect Foothill to record earnings of 65 cts to 85
cts a share in 1987.
    During the presentation Gevirtz said Foothill has reduced
to less than five pct the company's level of non-performing
assets, which was as high as eight pct in previous years.
    David Hilton, chief financial officer, said the company's
general and administrative expenses in 1987 will be reduced to
about 3.0 to 3.5 pct of average assets from 4.3 pct in 1986.
    The company had average assets of 399.8 mln dlrs from
continuing operations and 29.8 mln dlrs from discontinued
operations in 1986, according to its annual report.
 Reuter

West German net currency reserves
rose by 300 mln marks in the third week of March to 82.0
billion, following a fall of 5.4 billion marks in the previous
week, the Bundesbank said.
    Non-currency reserves were unchanged at about 2.5 billion
marks, bringing net monetary reserves to 84.5 billion.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan was thought to have
bought a small amount of dollars at around 149.30/40 yen,
dealers said.
    The dollar fluctuated marginally after the small-scale
intervention, believed to total several tens of mlns of dlrs,
they said. Large-scale buying by foreign banks or by a life
insurance company earlier pushed the dollar upwards, they said.
    Trading was not very active and dealers were watching for
further central bank intervention to smooth out any sharp
movements, but underlying dollar sentiment is still bearish.
 REUTER

Efforts by governments to control wheat
surpluses by cutting support prices have met with only partial
success, the International Wheat Council (IWC) says in its
latest monthly report.
    Faster results could be achieved by a policy of reducing
both price and areas, as employed in the United States, the IWC
says in a survey of support prices in the five main wheat
exporters - Argentina, Australia, Canada, the EC and the U.S.
    In some countries, for example Australia and Argentina,
which are highly dependent on wheat shipments for export
income, there may be problems in reducing production.
    A policy of cutting wheat production could lead to
unemployment, with job prospects outside agriculture limited.
Alternative crops may offer inferior returns which could then
lead to lost export revenue and balance of payments problems.
    The IWC outlines three courses of action open to
governments in wheat exporting countries.
    They could continue to support prices in the hope that when
the world economy improves demand for wheat will rise and
surpluses wil be reduced or eliminated.
    Alternatively, support could be limited to wheat which
could be easily sold, without needing to be stored for a long
period.
    This option may prove to be the most politically
unattractive and would result in many producers abandoning
wheat production, the report said.
    The third option would be for governments to distinguish
between the commercial and social aspects of agriculture,
possibly varying support prices according to farm size or
overall production.
    The IWC review covers support prices in the major exporting
countries since 1982. At some time during that period all the
producers cut support prices in response to growing surpluses.
    These changes did not always result in lower export
subsidies as on several occasions currency fluctuations more
than offset lower prices in the domestic currency.
    For example between 1985/86 and 1986/87 the EC intervention
price for bread wheat fell from 209.30 to 179.44 European
currency units (Ecus). It dollar terms, the currency in which
most export transactions are denominated, the intervention
price however rose to 193 dlrs from 168. The high cost of
supporting farm prices has put a strain on national exchequers
and some governments are now searching for ways to cut
expenditure, the report says.
    The proportion of world wheat output produced by the five
major exporters declined in the period covered by the survey
from 40 pct in 1982 to 35 pct in 1987. This was partly due to
increased production in China and India.
    The period saw an upward trend in yields, although this was
countered in the Argentina, the U.S. And Australia by lower
acreages.
    In Argentina a reduction in the sown area of about 20 per
cent was put down to low prices causing producers to switch to
other enterprises, particularly livestock while lower U.S.
Acreages are attributed to official incentives.
 REUTER

U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker
said that he opposes a Federal tax increase to help reduce the
budget deficit and favors spending cuts instead.
    "I don't think it's (a tax increase) is a very good idea
and I'm quite confident that President Reagan doesn't think
it's a very good idea," Baker said in an interview on Cable
News Network's "Moneyline" television program.
    He said U.S. taxpayers are taxed at a rate of 19 pct of GNP
which is traditionally where it has been, but the Federal
Government is spending at a rate of 24 pct of GNP. Baker said
spending cuts are clearly the best way to cut budget deficits.
    Baker said he opposed a stock transactions tax proposed by
House Speaker Jim Wright, D-Tex, or other special taxes.
    "The stock transfer tax would be a particularly unfortunate
approach to take," the Treasury Secretary said. He said the
United States has some of the most efficient capital markets in
the world and new taxes would impair efficiency.
    On the international front, Baker said banks must do more
lending to developing countries. He was questioned about this
after the Standard and Poor's Corp downgrading today of the
debt of six major money center bank holding companies, largely
because of their heavy developing nation loan exposure.
    Baker said that developing countries must adopt free market
economic policies such as in the United States. He said capital
flows will be required to support the needed reforms in the
economic systems of those countries.
    The money must come either through equity or debt and Baker
said that developing nations' "investment regimes do not
support enough equity investment, so you've got to have some
debt there."
    Commenting on the U.S. trade deficit, Baker said "I think
you're going to see a 15 to 20 billion dlr reduction this
year."
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he stood by the Paris agreement among leading industrial
nations to foster exchange rate stability around current
levels.
    "I would refer you to the Paris agreement which was a
recognition the currencies were within ranges broadly
consistent with economic fundamentals," Baker told The Cable
News Network in an interview.
    "We were quite satisfied with the agreement in Paris
otherwise we would not have been a party too it," he said.
    Baker also noted the nations agreed in the accord to
"co-operate to foster greater exchange rate stability around
those levels."
    He refused to comment directly on the current yen/dollar
rate but said flatly that foreign exchange markets recently
tended "to draw unwarranted inferences from what I say."
    Baker was quoted on British Television over the weekend as
saying he has no target for the U.S. currency, a statement that
triggered this week's renewed decline of the dollar.
    "I think the Paris agreement represents evidence that
international economic policy co-ordination is alive and well,"
Baker said.
    The Treasury Secretary stressed however it was very
important for the main surplus countries to grow as fast as
they could consistent with low inflation to resolve trade
imbalances.
    He added that Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker
has also "been very outspoken" in suggesting main trading
partners grow as fast as they can.
   
 Reuter

The cost of living in West Germany
was provisionally unchanged in March compared with February but
fell 0.2 pct against March 1986, the Federal Statistics Office
said.
    In February the cost of living rose 0.1 pct from January
but fell 0.5 pct compared with February 1986.
    The office said final figures for March will be released in
about 10 days.
 REUTER


******U.S. TREASURY'S MULFORD REAFFIRMS G-6 PACT TO FOSTER CURRENCY STABILITY AROUND CURRENT LEVELS
Blah blah blah.




said it anticipates profit for fiscal 1987 ending June 30 will
be lower than fiscal 1986 earnings of 410,000 dlrs, despite an
expected revenue increase of 37 pct to more than 3.5 mln dlrs.
    After an extraordinary expense associated with the
December, 1986 withdrawal of a planned common share offering,
"we expect to be modestly profitable for the year, but below the
410,000 dlrs earned in fiscal 1986," the company said.
    Carolian previously reported fiscal six month profit of
12,933 dlrs, excluding an extraordinary loss of 17,210 dlrs,
compared to earnings of 69,829 dlrs in the prior year.
    The company said it anticipated fiscal 1987 earnings to be
lower due to withdrawal of its share offering, computer
equipment shipment delays and costs associated with sales staff
expansion.
    A strengthening Canadian dollar against U.S. currency will
also adversely affect revenues and earnings, since 85 pct of
revenues are generated by sales outside Canada, said Carolian,
a leading supplier of utility software for Hewlett-Packard
computer systems.
 Reuter

American Eagle gold bullion coin
sales are projected at 3.1 mln troy ounces in their first year
on the market, well above the target of 2.2 mln, Donna Pope,
director of the U.S. Mint, told journalists.
    World sales, which began on October 20, 1986, reached 2.193
mln ounces in less than six months of sales. This made it world
market leader with a share of 37 pct in 1986, Pope said.
    Pope said that in volume terms, nearly half of all gold
Eagle sales were within North America, roughly 40 pct were in
Europe and about eight pct in Asia.
    She said despite introduction of several new gold bullion
coins on the market recently, the Mint is aiming to preserve
the Eagle's strong market share with extensive publicity.
    The Mint uses mainly newly mined U.S. Gold for the coins,
as long as this is available at market prices. The remaining
gold is taken either from U.S. Treasury stocks, or from the
open market, Pope said.
    Gold analysts said the Eagle is facing competition here
from the Canadian Maple Leaf, and also to a lesser extent from
the South African Krugerrand. Some estimated the Maple Leaf's
West German market share at 60 pct.
    The figures may be distorted, as many German investors buy
gold bullion in Switzerland or Luxembourg to escape the 14 pct
value-added tax imposed here. Including the tax, the one-ounce
coins traded today at 906 marks, they said.
    Competition may also come from new gold coins, including
Belgium's ECU, which began sales today. Britain and Australia
also have plans to mint gold bullion coins, the analysts said.
 REUTER

The West German Finance Ministry said the
cabinet will discuss a bill on Wednesday to increase tax cuts
by an extra 5.2 billion marks next year to a total of 13.7
billion marks.
    The additional tax cuts were agreed within the government
coalition in early March after Finance Minister Gerhard
Stoltenberg pledged at the six-nation monetary conference in
Paris in February to increase the size of the 1988 tax cuts.
    The bill will be presented in parliament at a later,
unspecified date after the cabinet's deliberations.
 REUTER

 said it
had reached agreement with the London-based International Stock
Exchange on the distribution of two-way British domestic share
quotations from the Stock Exchange Automated Quotation System
(SEAQ) via the Reuter worldwide information network.
    The company said in a statement the agreement covered SEAQ
Level-2, which provides buy and sell price quotations from 31
individual market makers in domestic U.K. Equities.
    Reuters said it will begin carrying the quotes for all 101
Alpha stocks, leading U.K. Shares, within the next few weeks.
    The SEAQ investor service, which displays indications of
market prices for U.K. Shares without identifying market
makers, has been available on the Reuter network since the "Big
Bang" deregulation of the London stock market last October.
    The SEAQ level-2 service will be available on one-month
trial to subscribers to the Reuter International Equities
Service and to the Reuter U.K. Investment Service, prior to the
imposition of Stock Exchange fees, the company said.
 REUTER

Shr loss 60 cts vs loss 43 cts
    Net loss 3,012,000 vs loss 2,114,000
    Revs 102.8 mln vs 134.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.48 dlr vs loss four cts
    Net loss 7,338,000 vs loss 180,000
    Revs 354.9 mln vs 469.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year net includes a loss of 623,000
dlrs and a gain 1,910,000 dlrs or 39 cts per share for an
extraordinary item.

 Reuter

Sweden's Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken
said it will set up a joint venture in London with U.S.
brokerage firm Equitable Securities Corp of Nashville, Tenn.,
for the sale of U.S. equities in Europe.
    S-E Bank's managing director Jacob Palmstierna told a press
briefing that the joint venture, called Equitable Enskilda
Securities Ltd, will be established next month.
    S-E Bank bought a 4.9 pct stake in Equitable Securities
about two weeks ago. Equitable's role in the joint venture will
include provision of research on firms in the south-east United
States.
 Reuter

Phoenix Financial Corp said it
was sued by General Electric Credit Corp, a unit of General
Electric Co, for breach of warranties and representations.
    The warranties are connected with leases the company said
it sold to GE Credit in June 1985. GE is asking the company to
buy back leases totaling 829,000 dlrs.
    The company said there were no breach of warranties, but it
added it is in the process of reviewing the complaint and
preparing an answer.
 Reuter

The Bundesbank's options for West
Germany monetary policy are limited for the foreseeable future
by the delicate stage of wage negotiations between unions and
employers, economists and money market dealers said.
    Call money fell in quite active trading today, dropping to
3.40/50 pct from 3.55/65 pct yesterday, and below the 3.50 pct
treasury bill rate as a difficult month-end approached.
    But dealers and economists said the Bundesbank was unlikely
to encourage lower rates in the foreseeable future largely for
fear of upsetting the current wage round.
    One money market dealer for a major foreign bank said, "I
don't think the Bundesbank wants rates to go up whatever
happens. But it also does not want them to fall. Above all it
wants to wait to see how the unions wage round goes."
    In West Germany, unions and employers prepare the ground
for triennial wage negotiations based on detailed assessments
of growth and inflation, economists said.
    Ute Geipel, economist with Citibank AG, said if the
Bundesbank became more accommodating in monetary policy,
raising fears in some quarters of a return in inflation in the
medium term, unions would be obliged to curtail wage demands.
    As a result the Bundesbank was concerned to make no move
that would interfere in the negotiating process, Geipel said.
    In the current round, the country's most powerful union,
the IG Metall representing metalworkers and engineers, is
demanding a shortening of the working week to 35 hours from the
present 38-1/2 and an accompanying five pct increase in wages.
    The engineering employers' association, Gesamtmetall, is
offering to bring in a 38-hour-week from July 1, 1988, and give
a two stage wage increase -- a 2.7 pct rise from April 1 this
year and another 1.5 pct from July 1, 1988.
    The agreement forged by IG Metall -- Europe's largest
union, with 2.5 mln members -- and the employers would set the
benchmark for settlements in other industries such as the
public sector, banks and federal post office. Negotiations
began in December and unions are hopeful they may conclude by
early April, ahead of the traditional holiday period in June.
    Though many economists said the unions' current warning
strikes and rhetoric were part of the negotiating strategy and
would not lead to a repeat of 1984's damaging seven-week
strikes, others said unions would not compromise greatly on
their positions and there could still be conflict.
    This could extend the length of time in which the
Bundesbank would keep its activity low-key, economists said.
    The money market head said the unions' humiliation by the
protracted financial problems of the Neue Heimat cooperative
housing venture would contribute to union obstinacy.
    "The unions haven't forgotten that and they will put this
squarely onto the account in the negotiations," he said.
    In addition, the newly-elected chairman of the IG Metall
union, Franz Steinkuehler, was more radical and determined than
his predecessor Hans Meyer and may be set for a longer battle
to achieve the best possible settlement for his membership.
    More than 16,000 engineering workers at 45 firms, mainly in
south Germany, held warning strikes lasting up to two hours
yesterday. Firms hit included Zahnradfabrik Passau GmbH and
aerospace group Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm GmbH.
    Today, 28,000 employees from 110 companies came out in
warning strikes, a statement from IG Metall said.
    Money market dealers said that overnight call money rates
would rise in the near future in any case and did not depend on
a politically-inhibited Bundesbank.
    About eight billion marks were coming into the market
tomorrow from salary payments by the federal government.
    As a result, some banks fell back on the Bundesbank's offer
to mop up liquidity via the sale of three-day treasury bills,
anticipating still lower rates before the month-end.
    But a pension payment date by banks on behalf of customers
was due on Monday, other dealers noted. If banks were short of
liquidity until the bills matured on Tuesday, rates could soar,
perhaps to the 5.50 pct Lombard ceiling.
    Banks were well stocked up with funds, having an average
52.1 billion marks in Bundesbank minimum reserves in the first
24 days of March, well above the 50.7 billion requirement.
 REUTER

The Senate voted to condemn the
proposed European common market tax on vegetable and fish fats
and oils and said it would result in retaliation.
    The non binding Senate resolution, a sense of Senate
sentiment, was approved on a 99 to 0 vote.
    "The administration should communciate to the European
Community the message that the United States will view the
establishment of such a tax as inconsistent with the European
Community's obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that will result in the adoption of strong and
immediate countermeasures," the resolution stated.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded 360 mln dlrs of debt of Fluor Corp and its units
Fluor Finance N.V. and St. Joe Minerals Corp.
    Cut were the firms' senior debt to BB from BBB and the
parent's commercial paper to B from A-2.
    S and P cited industry overcapacity and weak pricing
conditions in Fluor's core businesses. It said profitability
and cash flow protection are not expected to rebound in the
foreseeable future to levels that would support the former
ratings. Restructuring has not compensated for a greater than
anticipated deterioration in market conditions, S and P said.
 Reuter

Anchor Glass Container Corp said
first quarter net income is now expected to exceed the 3.1 mln
dlrs earned before extraordinary items in the year earlier
quarter.
    Previously, the company had said first quarter results
would likely be lower than for the 1986 period due to
production disruptions caused by the large number of production
line changes scheduled during the first quarter, its statement
pointed out.
    While the disruptive effects of the production line changes
had occurred in line with expectations, Anchor Glass said,
first quarter operating results were helped by lower than
anticipated operating costs and improved margins on sales as a
result of a more favorable product mix.
    The company said its income performance for the full year
remains very good.
    It also said Anchor Hocking Corp &lt;ARH> has converted the
entire principal balance of its Anchor Glass convertible
subordinated note to 576,694 Anchor Glass common shares.
    Anchor Glass said the conversion decreased its total debt
and increased stockholders' equity by about 9.4 mln dlrs and
increased common shares outstanding to 13,902,716.
    It said the conversion will also reduce its annualized net
interest expense by about 1.1 mln dlrs, or 600,000 dlrs after
taxes.
 Reuter

Vishay Intertechnology Inc said it
has received a total of 2,362,616 common shares in response to
its offer to exchange Class B shares for common shares, and all
common shares received were accepted.
    Vishay said about 737,500 shares were tendered by chairman
Alfred Slaner and 1,164,607 by president Felix Zandman, with
other executives tendering another 223,387 shares.
    Vishay said it now has 4,675,435 common shares outstanding.
 Reuter

PHLCORP Inc said for November 14
through December 31, its first reporting period after emerging
from reorganization proceedings, it earned 86,000 dlrs on
revenues of 47 mln dlrs, excluding 2,300,000 dlrs in gains on
the sale of real estate and 800,000 dlrs in tax credits.
    The company is the successor to Baldwin-United Corp.
 Reuter

The financially-troubled Farm Credit
System today formally asked that the Treasury Department
provide a line of credit to the system and that Congress take
steps to guarantee stock held by borrowers.
    In testimony prepared for delivery to a Senate agriculture
subcommittee hearing, Brent Beesley, president of the Farm
Credit Corp, said "In order to avoid the need for continued
appropriations, the Farm Credit System Capital Corp should have
a line of credit from the Treasury."
    Beesley said in April the system would recommend a dollar
amount of aid needed.
    In addition, Beesley urged Congress to immediately take
steps to reassure borrowers from the system that their stock is
secure.
    We urged the Congress to go on record through a resolution
stating its commitment to protect the stock," Beesley said.
    Borrowers from the system own some four billion dlrs in
stock that could be jeopardized by the mounting losses of the
Farm Credit System.
    Beesley also said that if Congress takes action to reduce
interest rates offered to farmers to below-market levels, "The
government should provide this interest rate relief.
 Reuter

Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 473,784 vs loss 489,257
    Revs 268.8 mln vs 81.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,245,247 vs 8,035,326
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net 1,512,534 vs loss 1,553,592
    Revs 1,448,310 vs 515,225
    Avg shrs 8,745,132 vs 7,619,863
 Reuter

Warner-Lambert Co said it
has filed suit in U.S. District Court in New Jersey against
&lt;Mason Distributors Inc>, alleging unfair competition.
    It said the suit results from Mason's distribution of
children's allergy medicine in packages allegedly resembling
those of Warner-Lambert's Benadryl capsules and elixir.
 Reuter

Nova Pharmaceutical Corp said the
U.S. Patent Office has allowed its patent for bradykinin
antagonist drugs. Nova said patents have also been filed in
other countries worldwide.
    It said it has the exclusive worldwide rights to these
patents for the first bradykinin blocking drugs being developed
as topical pain relievers and in nasal spry form for treating
common cold symptoms.
    Nova said Bradykinin is the most powerful paing-producing
substance in the body and is considered, based on scientific
evidence, to be the initial stimulus of pain.
 Reuter

Michigan General Corp said
it agreed to sell substantially all of the assets and certain
liabilities of its Krestmark subsidiaries to LCB Holdings Inc
for 6.5 mln dlrs cash.
    Sale of Texas-based Krestmark, a maker of doors, door
frames and other products, will allow Michigan General to
concentrate on retailing through its Diamond Lumber and
Savannah Wholesale units.
    Proceeds of the sale will be used to reduce debt. The deal
is subject to execution of a definitive agreement.
    Krestmark had revenues of about 40 mln dlrs and operating
losses of three mln dlrs in 1986, the company said. It has been
accounted for as a discontinued operation since last September.
    Dallas-based LCB is a privately-held maker of structural
steel joists and rack and storage handling systems.
    Michigan General also said its Diamond Lumber homebuilding
products retail unit closed nine unprofitable stores in the
first quarter and reduced its headquarters staff by 10 pct. The
nine closed stores, which had pretax operating losses of 1.7
mln dlrs in 1986, are being sold to provide cash for
operations.
    About 4.5 mln dlrs of inventory from the stores is being
transferred to other locations, the company said.
 Reuter

The Bank of France intervened to buy
small amounts of dollars and sell yen in Paris today to
stabilise the exchange rates agreed at last month's meeting of
Finance Ministers of the Group of Five and Canada, foreign
exchange dealers said.
    But they said recent central bank intervention in the
foreign exchange markets appeared to be a limited reaction to
temporary pressures rather than a major defence operation.
    A Bank of France spokesman declined all comment but sources
close to the central bank said it had also intervened
yesterday.
    Dealers said the earlier intervention was in concert with
the Bundesbank and Bank of Japan.
    The sources said the French central bank could have been in
the market again today in two-way operations, not necessarily
on its own account, but to counter short-term pressures arising
from the end of the Japanese financial year on March 31.
    One major French bank said it bought between five and 15
mln dlrs for the central bank and sold yen at 149.28 to the
dollar.
    Another bank said it had been asked by the Bank of France
to say it was in the market, a departure from the central
bank's usual insistence on confidentiality.
    But other banks said they had seen no sign of intervention,
which they said appeared to be on a very limited scale.
    "Even if 10 banks were buying five to 15 mln dlrs, you would
still be talking of a small overall amount," said one dealer.
    Recent intervention by the Bank of Japan appeared mainly to
have been required to meet year-end window dressing demand for
yen. "This is a specific short term phenomenon rather than a
wider trend," the dealer said.
    Operators have been extremely cautious about testing the
dollar's trading ranges against the West German mark and
Japanese yen.
    These ranges were set in February's stabilisation agreement
reached here by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker and the
Finance Ministers of Japan, Germany, France, Britain and
Canada.
    But speculative pressures started to build again this week
after Baker was quoted on British television at the weekend as
repeating earlier statements that Washington had no target for
the dollar.
    Baker yesterday moved to defuse speculation he was talking
the dollar down, telling a Cable News Network interviewer and a
Senate committee he stood by the Paris agreement. Foreign
exchange markets had been misreading his comments, he said.
 REUTER

Brazil today suggested to its foreign
bank creditors an extension of short-term credit lines for 60
days until May 31, a spokesman for the Central Bank said.
    He said that with the move, called a "standstill"
arrangement, Brazil was only trying to avoid difficulties to
pay its 109 billion dlrs debt in the future.
    The spokesman told Reuters that Brazil's suggestion will be
communicated by telex to Brazil's 700 bank creditors.
    The spokesman declined to give details of what was included
in the statement, but said Central Bank president Francisco
Gros was seeking a 60-day extension of the short-term credit
lines from its commercial bank creditors.
    The amount of these credit lines totals 15 billion dollars,
and deadline for payment is set for March 31.
    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said in a television
interview it was "absolutely important" for Brazil and its
creditors to renew the short-term credit lines, as Brazil must
finance its exports.
    "If these credit lines were cut, we would face difficulties
to honour our foreign debt in the future," Funaro said.
    "There is evidently a common interest in the matter," he said.
    Funaro said, however, he was told creditors understand
Brazil's position and do not wish to turn the negotiation for
the renewal of the credit lines more difficult.
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68-
billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
    He said Brazil's suggestion is part of its demands "before
the need to renew the mechanisms of loans in the world."
    Funaro said currently debt negotiations are "very complex
and complicated," mentioning cases of countries which had to
wait some 10 months before getting a reply from creditors.
    "We are not interested in confrontation, but we would like
the loan mechanisms to show that the crisis belongs to both
sides," Funaro said.
    Funaro denied rumours that he had offered his resignation
to President Jose Sarney.
    "Who decides whether to keep or dismiss his ministers is the
president. Everything else is nothing but speculation," he said.
 Reuter

Sumitomo Bank Ltd said it established a
500 mln stg certificate of deposit (CD) issuance program,
arranged by Morgan Grenfell and Co Ltd.
    Dealers will be Morgan Grenfell, Lloyds Merchant Bank Ltd,
Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd, Salomon Brothers International Ltd,
Sumitomo Finance International and S.G. Warburg and Co Ltd.
    Maturities will be between seven days and five years and
paper will be issued in denominations of 250,000, 500,000 and
one mln stg.
 REUTER

An exchange loss of 7.6 billion
ringgit in 1986 pushed Malaysia's outstanding external debt up
to 50.99 billion ringgit, from 1985's 42.3 billion, the Central
Bank said in its annual report.
    Bank Negara said although Malaysia's net borrowing dropped
in 1986, its external debt rose due to the 30 pct appreciation
of the basket of currencies against which the ringgit is
pegged.
    The basket comprises principally the U.S. Dollar, yen,
mark, Swiss franc, French franc, sterling, guilder, Canadian
and Singapore dollars, it added.
    Bank Negara said growth in external debt, which declined
progressively from a peak of 58 pct in 1982 to 13.6 pct in
1985, rose by 20.2 pct in 1986.
    Malaysia's debt serving ratio of 17.6 pct of its exports in
1986 is within the prudency limit of 20 pct, Bank Negara
Governor Jaafar Hussein told reporters.
 REUTER

The latest round of talks between
Philippine officials and the country's commercial bank
creditors on the rescheduling of 9.4 billion dlrs worth of debt
are still proceeding, but with a narrower focus, Philippine
Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin said.
    He told a press briefing Wednesday that Manila has dropped
a two-tier interest payment offer, which would have given banks
a higher return if they took partial payment in new Philippine
investment notes (PINs) instead of in cash.
    "The PINs proposal has been laid aside.... The discussion is
now on pricing (of just the cash payments)," he said.
    Foreign banking sources in Manila said on Tuesday that the
Philippines had raised its basic interest rate offer to 7/8
over the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) but Ongpin would
not discuss details of the pricing negotiations.
    He also refused to speculate on when an overall agreement
might be reached. The talks have been going on for more than
three weeks.
    Manila originally offered to pay interest in cash at 5/8
over LIBOR or in a mixture of cash and PINs -- tradeable,
dollar-denominated, zero coupon notes that could potentially
yield up to one point over LIBOR.
    The PINs option was subsequently modified to guarantee at
least a 7/8 point spread over LIBOR but many bankers still had
grave reservations, seeing it as a possible precedent for other
large debtors to avoid paying interest in cash.
    The PINs proposal has now been left on the table as a
separate option for those banks, which might want to fund their
own investments in the Philippines or sell the notes in the
secondary market, Ongpin said.
    Under Manila's plan, the PINs would be redeemable at full
face value in Philippine pesos to fund local equity investments
at any time prior to their six-year maturity date.
    While the commercial banks had their doubts about the PINs
proposal, Ongpin said there was great interest on the part of
certain investment banks which are already active in the
secondary market for sovereign debt.
    Unlike current debt/equity schemes, Ongpin said, the PINs
would include no government fees and would be free from
"administrative hassles."
    He said about six investment banks had been approached and
four had replied so far. One even showed interest in buying 45
mln dlrs worth of notes, he said.
    Ongpin said that by funding current interest payments in
the secondary market through the PINs scheme, the Philippines
could conserve at least one to 1.5 billion dlrs of foreign
exchange reserves during its planned seven-year restructuring
period.
 REUTER


******BEST PRODUCTS CO INC 4TH QTR SHR 1.44 DLRS VS 83 CTS
Blah blah blah.



Great Western Financial
Corp said it has called for redeemption a 150 mln dlr issue of
8.5 pct convertible subordinate debentures due 2010 on May 15.
    The company said each 1,000 dlrs principal amount of the
debentures will be redeemed at 1,068 dlrs plus 7.08 dlrs of
accrude interest.
    It said each 1,000 dlrs principal amount of the debentures
is convertible into about 30.075 common shares at the
conversion price of 33.25 dlrs a share. The stock closed at
53-3/4 yesterday.
 Reuter

Ethyl Corp said its subsidiaries
completed the acquisiton of Nelson Research and Development Co
&lt;NELR>.
    The merger was approved following completion on Jan 27 of a
tender offer valued at approximately 55 mln dlrs, the company
said.
    It added that Nelson, based in Irvine, Calif., will be
operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ethyl.
    Nelson designs and develops new drugs, Ethyl said.
 Reuter

The release of U.K. February trade data
showing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376
mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopes
of an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.
    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, with
expectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750
mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharply
narrower than January's 527 mln deficit.
    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase Manhattan
Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.
    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weaker
morning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted index
against a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged from
yesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.
    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil trade
pattern would undermine international support for sterling,
which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.
Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begun
to doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending rates
to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.
    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.
    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current account
deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, said Wroblewski.
    Seasonally adjusted figures showed that imports rose in
February to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.
    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.
    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips and
Drew said that the faster rise in exports than imports would
prove partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast the
Chancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer expediture
on imported goods.
    However, Ian Harwood, economist at Warburg Securities, said
his firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficit
forecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billion
stg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.
    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goods
confirmed recent bullish surveys among members of the
Confederation of British Industry.
    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even if
January's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseas
goods and import-intensive stock building among manufactureres,
Harwood said.
    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2
point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worries
about the figures evaporated.
    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settling
to a steady 1.6050 dlrs about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher
than the European low of 1.5960.
    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in market
sentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.
    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market was
largely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that the
Conservative government's support was slipping.
    The Marplan poll, published in "Today," showed Conservative
support had fallen to 36 pct, from 38 pct last month, while the
Alliance of Liberals and Social Democrats had rallied to 31
pct, from 21 pct, to run neck and neck with the Labour Party,
whose own support fell from 38 pct.
    The poll was taken after the Budget, which was greeted
enthusiastically by financial markets but seems to have left
the voters indifferent, political observers said.
    Another regular poll is due tomorrow, and eonomists warn
that today's improved sentiment could be dented if support for
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher slips again.
    This upsetting of the markets' political perceptions, which
are all but discounting a Conservative victory in the upcoming
general election, made them more sensitive to the trade data,
Harwood said. "The news did come as a very, very substantial
relief," he said.
    However, on the interest rate front, economists caution
that Lawson might be wary of leaving sterling vulnerable by
encouraging another base rate fall. They noted Lawson had
already got an inflation-reducing cut in mortgage rates in
response to lower base rates, so domestic political reasons for
lower rates have been curtailed.
 REUTER

British Petroleum Co PLC said it has
scheduled a New York press conference for 1300 EST/1800 gmt
today at which senior management will discuss the company's
proposed acquisition of the 45 pct of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD>
that it does not already own for 70 dlrs per share.
    The offer is worth about 7.4 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

Essex Chemical Corp is raising 60 mln
dlrs via an offering of convertible subordinated debentures due
2012 with a six pct coupon and par pricing, said lead manager
Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc.
    The debentures are convertible into the company's common
stock at 40 dlrs per share, representing a premium of 23.6 pct
over the stock price when terms on the debt were set.
    Non-callable for two years, the issue is rated B-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and B by Standard and Poor's
Corp. PaineWebber Inc co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

Tunisia has decided to break diplomatic
relations with Iran, the foreign ministry said.
    A communique published by the official TAP news agency said
the Iranian embassy in Tunis had been engaged in activities
liable to disturb public order.
    These included acts aimed at sowing ideological confusion
and anarchy, the communique said.
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it provided
about 25 mln stg in late help to the money market, bringing the
total assistance today to 266 mln stg.
    This compares with the bank's revised estimate of a 350 mln
stg money market shortfall.
 REUTER

The Senate voted to condemn the
proposed European common market tax on vegetable and marine
fats and oils and said it would result in retaliation.
    The non-binding Senate resolution, a sense of Senate
sentiment, was approved on a 99 to 0 vote.
    "The administration should communicate to the European
Community the message that the United States will view the
establishment of such a tax as inconsistent with the European
Community's obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that will result in the adoption of strong and
immediate countermeasures," the resolution stated.
    The resolution said the European Community Commission has
proposed establishing a consumption tax on vegetable and fish
oils and fats in conjunction with the setting of farm prices
for the 1987/1988 EC marketing year.
    The Senate said the tax would amount to almost 90 pct of
the current price of soyoil and "have a restrictive effect" on
U.S. exports of soybeans and vegetable oils to the EC.
    It would be "blatantly inconsistent" with obligations of the
EC under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT, the
resolution said, and "constitute another egregious attempt" to
impose EC agricultural costs on trading partners.
 Reuter

Libya is reported to have recently
bought two cargoes of white sugar from operators at around
229/230 dlrs a tonne cost and freight, traders said.
    The shipment period required was not specified.
 Reuter

International Cocoa Organization, ICCO,
council chairman Denis Bra Kanon will present a compromise
proposal on buffer stock rules to producer and consumer
delegates either later today or tomorrow morning, delegates
said.
    Bra Kanon held private bilateral consultations with major
producers and consumers this morning to resolve outstanding
differences, mostly on the issues of how much non-member cocoa
the buffer stock can purchase and price differentials for
different varieties.
    Delegates were fairly confident the differences could be
worked out in time to reach agreement tomorrow.
    Some consuming member nations, including Britain and
Belgium, favour the buffer stock buying more than 10 pct
non-member cocoa, delegates have said.
    The consumers argue that buying cheaper, lower quality
non-member cocoas, particularly Malaysian, will most
effectively support prices because that low quality cocoa is
currently pressuring the market.
    Producers, meanwhile, say non-member cocoa should make up
at most a very small percentage of the buffer. They say
Malaysia should not be able to benefit from the ICCO unless it
is a member, and if the buffer stock bought Malaysian cocoa
Malaysia would have no incentive to join, delegates said.
    As to differentials, Ghana apparently wanted a higher
differential for its cocoa than is outlined in the most recent
proposal, so it would have a better chance of having its cocoa
bought for the buffer stock, producer delegates said.
    Some consumers wanted differentials to be adjusted in a way
that would not promote buffer stock purchases of the more
expensive cocoas, such as Ghanaian and Brazilian, they said.
    Other technical points need to be sorted out, including
limits on how much cocoa the buffer stock manager can buy in
nearby, intermediate and forward positions and the consequent
effect on prices in the various deliveries, delegates said.
 Reuter

 rebutted U.S.
Criticism it is blocking American Telephone and Telegraph
Corp's &lt;T.N>, AT and T, entry into French telecommunications
firm &lt;Compagnie Generale Constructions Telephoniques>, CGCT.
    Management board member Hans Baur told journalists that the
acquisition of a joint 20 pct stake in CGCT by AT and T and
Philips Gloeilampenfabrieken NV &lt;PGLO.AS> had not been decided
on two years ago as claimed by AT and T.
    The French government, which owns CGCT, had asked Siemens
at the start of 1986 to submit an offer for the stake in CGCT.
The result of the negotiations was still open.
    Baur said Siemens had first made an offer last summer.
    The Handelsblatt newspaper today quoted AT and T chairman
James E. Olson as saying that Siemens' attempt to stop AT and T
and Philips could lead to a resurgence of protectionism in the
U.S.
    Baur said he expected the French government to decide on
the winning bid by the end of April. CGCT's share of the French
switchboard market amounts to around 16 pct.
    The French government has limited CGCT participation by
foreign companies to 20 pct and set a price of 500 mln francs
for the whole company.
    Bauer said the 20 pct limitation would only apply to the
initial stake. He did not rule out a stake increase later but
said Siemens' aim was to introduce its technology.
    Bauer said Siemens and French telecommunications firm
&lt;Jeumont-Schneider SA> submitted a joint offer at the start of
March because of the 20 pct limitation. Both companies will
form a joint venture to take over the whole of CGCT.
   Siemens will have a 20 pct stake in the new company while
Jeumont-Schneider will own 80 pct. Apart from investing 100 mln
francs for the modernisation of CGCT, a new research centre
with was also being planned.
 REUTER

Shr two cts vs one ct
    Net 83,000 vs 32,000
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 7,625,000
 Reuter

HealthMate Inc said its
auditors, Laventhol and Horwath, indicated they will issue a
qualified opinion on the company's financial statements.
    The company, which went public in March 1985, earlier
reported losses for the fourth quarter.
    It said the auditor's statement, known as a "subject to"
opinion, cautions that, because of continuing operating losses
and negative cash flow, it must achieve profitable operations
or acquire additional equity capital or other financing to
continue in existence.
    HealthMate reported a loss for the year of 1,512,534 dlrs,
or 17 cts a share on revenues of 1.4 mln dlrs. A year ago, it
had a loss of 1,553,592 dlrs, or 20 cts a share on revenues of
515,225 dlrs.
    It said the increased sales reflect initial shipments of
its FluoroScan Imaging Systems, low radiation X-ray imaging
devices that recently were classified by Underwriters
Laboratories Inc.
 Reuter

Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 13
    Record April Six
 Reuter

Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts prior
    Pay April 21
    Record April Seven
 Reuter

Brunswick Corp is raising 100 mln dlrs
through an offering of notes due 1997 yielding 8.199 pct, lead
manager Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc said.
    The notes have an 8-1/2 pct coupon and were priced at 99.50
to yield 96 basis points over comparable Treasury securities.
    The issue is non-callable for life and rated Baa-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and BBB-plus by Standard and
Poor's Corp.
    Salomon Brothers co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

The International Wheat Council (IWC)
lifted its estimate for 1986/87 world wheat and coarse grain
production by one mln tonnes to a record 1,377 mln, compared
with 1,351 mln tonnes the previous season.
    In its monthly market report, the IWC said it is leaving
unchanged its forecast of world wheat production for the coming
1987/88 season at between 520 and 530 mln tonnes against a
record 534 mln in 1986/87. The one mln tonne upward revision in
1986/87 wheat production reflects several minor adjustments.
The IWC raised the 1986/87 coarse grain trade figure two mln to
87 mln tonnes. It left wheat trade unchanged at 86 mln.
    The IWC 1986/87 estimate for world trade in wheat and
coarse grain is thus estimated two mln tonnes higher at 173 mln
against 169 mln the previous season with the forecast three mln
rise in Soviet imports offset by small reductions elsewhere.
    The IWC said the area harvested for wheat in 1987/88 is
likely to be down from last year as low world prices and
restrictive national policies measures begin to take effect.
    At least four of the five major exporters expect to see a
drop in wheat sowings without offset in other countries. There
is still potential for even higher average wheat yields but the
IWC said there are increasing signs world output may level off.
    Although it is still early to assess the coarse grain
outlook, the IWC said barley acreage is likely to fall in the
European Community but increase in Canada. U.S. Maize area is
expected lower but oat sowings could rise.
    After damage to its maize crop last year, the Soviet Union
plans to expand this area by as much as 50 pct to over six mln
hectares in a year when many frost damaged wheat fields are
likely to be resown to this and other spring crops. Improved
weather and a further increase in the use of intensive
cultivation methods could therefore see a marked rise in Soviet
maize output in 1987, the IWC said.
    Any reduction in world coarse grain output would be
bolstered by the large carryover stocks from 1986/87, the IWC
said.
    It left its estimates of wheat and coarse grain stocks at
endof different marketing years unchanged at 178 and 210 mln
tonnes, respectively, against 160 and 167 mln a year earlier.
    After record world durum wheat production of 218.8 mln
tonnes last season, the IWC said there are already signs of
another large crop this coming season with higher output
expected in the EC, Canada, the U.S. And North Africa.
 REUTER

Montreal Trustco Inc is issuing a 100 mln
Canadian dlr, 8-1/2 pct bond due May 6, 1992 at 101 pct, lead
manager Societe Generale said.
    The non-callable issue is of unsecured, unsubordinated
debt. Denominations are of 1,000 and 10,000 Canadian dlrs and
listing is in Luxembourg. Payment date is May 5.
    Fees are 1-1/4 pct for selling, 3/8 pct for underwriting
and 1/4 pct for management including a 1/8 pct praecipuum.
 REUTER

 has
arranged to receive a 125 mln dlr five year cash advance
facility, said Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd and Guinness Mahon
and Co Ltd as joint arrangers.
    The two firms said the terms of the facility will be
reviewed after the third year with a view to considering
extension by a further two years.
    The facility will include a tender panel to bid for
multi-currency cash advances at a maximum rate of 0.1875 pct
over the London Interbank Offered Rate.
    The facility will incorporate an underwriting fee of 0.10
pct in addition to a fee of 0.05 to 0.10 pct depending on the
participation amount. In addition, Barclays and Guinness Mahon
have been named joint dealers for a complementary 100 mln dlr
euro-commercial paper program.
    Funds will be used to refinance the cost of the recent
Forstmann-Leff Associates acquisition as well as for general
corporate purposes.
 REUTER

First Interstate Bancorp Chairman
Joseph Pinola said the bank holding company would lose about 16
mln dlrs per year, after taxes, if it had to put its medium and
long-term debt on non-accrual status.
    In an interview, he said that could result in about a 4.5
pct decline in annual earnings per share.
    Pinola said First Interstate, like other banks, has not yet
decided to put the loans, which Brazil stopped paying interest
on last month, on non-accrual status.
    "None of us really wants to injure negotiations that might
be going on," he said.
    First Interstate reported to the Securities and Exchange
Commission last week that it has about 339 mln dlrs in
medium-to long-term loans to Brazil.
    It said on December 31, 1986 its nonperformind Brazilian
outstanding debt totaled about 4.1 mln dlrs.
    First Interstate also has about 168 mln dlrs in short-term
loans or trade lines to Brazil.
    Pinola said he believes the solution to the Brazilian debt
crisis will be more political than economic, which he said he
finds, "very disquieting and discomforting."
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 19.6 mln vs 17.6 mln
    Revs 276 mln vs 170.4 mln
    Avg shrs 85.3 mln vs 84.8 mln
    NOTE: Company owns 65 pct of &lt;Bramalea Ltd>.
                           
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it operated in
the money market this afternoon, buying 226 mln stg in bills.
    In band one, the central bank bought 37 mln stg treasury
bills and 72 mln stg bank bills at 9-7/8 pct together with 117
mln stg band two bank bills at 9-13/16 pct.
    This brings total money market help so far today to 241 mln
stg and compares with the Bank's revised estimate of a 350 mln
stg shortfall.
 REUTER

The finance department said it will sell
500 mln dlrs of three-year 3-1/2 month bonds to primary
distributors in a previously announced auction March 31.
    It said another 400 mln dlrs of seven-year 3 month bonds
will be auctioned April 1.
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 282,000 vs 360,000
    Revs 5,261,000 vs 5,348,000
    Avg shrs 2,336,000 vs 2,335,000
    Year
    Shr 91 cts vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 2,149,000 vs 2,075,000
    Revs 28.2 mln vs 28.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,356,000 vs 2,001,000
    NOTE: 1986 quarter net includes 72,000 dlr charge from
repal of investment tax credit.
 Reuter

Eastman Kodak Co said it has
reached an agreement to acquire new stock representing a 16 pct
interest in industrial biotechnology company &lt;Genencor Inc> for
undisclosed terms.
    Other Genencor shareholders include Staley Continental Inc
&lt;STA>, Corning Glass Works &lt;GLW> and Genentech Inc &lt;GENE>.
    The company said it has been granted options to increase
its equity stake during 1987.  It said it has agreed to make a
multiyear, multimillion dollar commitment to Genecor research
products related to food additivies and pharmaceutical
intermediates.
 Reuter

World Bank president Barber Conable said
he was concerned about the state of Brazil's economy and urged
the country to come up with a plan soon to put its economic
house in order.
    "I am very concerned about the Brazilian economy," he told
reporters after a news conference in Tokyo.
    He said Brazil had caught the attention of the world with
its decision last month to stop paying interest on its loans
from commercial banks but warned it not to sqaunder the time it
gained by failing to come up with a new economic program.
    Brazil's decision jolted the world's financial community as
the country is 108 billion dlrs in debt, including some 68
billion owed to commercial banks.
    Brazilian Finance Ministry sources said in Brasilia
yesterday that the country was preparing a new economic
strategy designed to ensure domestic economic growth.
    Despite mounting domestic and overseas pressure, Brazil has
said repeatedly that it will not go to the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) for help in drawing up a new plan for fear
that will only throw its economy into recession.
    Conable said the country may be able to get away with not
going to the IMF for help, but will need an IMF-type economic
program if it wants to regain the confidence of lenders.
    Outsiders like the World Bank are reluctant to suggest
possible solutions to Brazil's economic problems because of the
delicate political situation there, he added.
    While the World Bank has a role to play in helping Brazil,
it canot replace the IMF as an overseer of the economy,
Conable said. He added that the Fund can be very flexible in
its dealings with developing countries, adjusting its approach
to the political realities.
    Brazil still seems willing to talk to the Fund under the
annual discussions that all IMF members undertake, Conable
said, adding that this could partially solve the current
stalemate.
    During his news conference, Conable said the World Bank
backed U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's Third World debt
initiative, which calls for stepped up lending to heavily
indebted Third World countries adopting economic policies.
    "The World Bank believes the Baker initiative is the best
approach," he said. "Debt forgiveness is difficult to design in
any fair way and also will tend to discourage further
investment and development."
    He cited the recent multi-billion dollar debt package for
Mexico, the Third World's most indebted country after Brazil.
    "Will it work?" he asked. "We don't know...But we think it
more likely to work than any of the alternatives suggested."
    Conable, who is here to meet government and business
leaders, expressed confidence that Japan will make increasing
use of its huge trade surplus to help developing countries.
    "We are quite confident Japan will make an increasing
investment in development because of their willingness to
support institutions like ours in increasing ways with each
passing year," he said.
 REUTER

Shr 26 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 1,144,000 vs 1,063,000
    Sales 23.2 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 93 cts vs 1.40 dlrs
    Net 4,046,000 vs 6,111,000
    Sales 97.8 mln vs 104.0 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes gain 286,000 dlrs from
discontinued operations in year and loss 375,000 in quarter and
gain 260,000 dlrs in year from disposal of discontinued.
 Reuter

French reserves fell in the week ended
March 19 following repayment of the bulk of the debt contracted
during January with the European Monetary Cooperation Fund, the
Bank of France said in its weekly statement.
    The repayment of capital and interest on this loan, taken
out during the strong pressure on the franc which preceded the
European Monetary System (EMS) realignment and the subsequent
Group of Five meeting in Paris, took place on March 13.
    It comprised the repayment of 11.25 billion francs' worth
of European Currency Units (ECUs), 9.72 billion francs' worth
of foreign currency and 1.72 billion francs' worth of special
drawing rights (SDRs), the Bank said.
    As a result foreign currency reserves fell to 114.69
billion francs on March 19 from 120.82 billion on March 12,
while ECU reserves fell to 62.02 billion francs from 73.23
billion.
    Gold reserves remained stable at 218.32 billion francs.
 REUTER

Braniff Inc said a U.S. Department of
Transportation administrative law judge has recommended that a
certificate be granted authorizing Braniff to operate air
service for five years on a temporary and experimental basis
between Dallas/Fort Worth and San Antonio, Texas, and Mexico
City and Acapulco, Mexico.
    The company said the recommendation must still be approved
by Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole and President
Reagan. Braniff has been operating the routes under exemption
authority granted by the Transportation Department in October.
 Reuter

South Korea is studying a plan to buy
more coal from the United States and to start importing Alaskan
crude oil to help reduce its huge trade surplus with the United
States, Energy Ministry officials said today.
    They said the plan would dominate discussions at two-day
energy talks between officials of the two countries in
Washington from April 1.
    Huh Sun-yong, who will attend the talks with three other
Seoul government officials, told Reuters that Seoul was
"positively considering buying a certain amount of Alaskan oil
beginning this year as part of our government's overall plan to
reduce a widening trade gap between the two countries."
    Huh said however that South Korean refineries considered
the Alaskan oil economically uncompetitive.
 Reuter

Commodore International Corp
said it entered into two agreements to provide Amiga computer
graphics technology to the coin-operated amusement industry.
    The agreements are with London-based &lt;Mastertronic Ltd> and
&lt;Grand Products> of Elk Grove, Ill., and they join a similar
previously-announced agreement with Bally Manufacturing Corp
&lt;BLY>, the company said.
    Under the terms of the agreement, Commodore said it will
supply the companies with Amiga printed circuit board and
Commodore technical knowhow and will obtain software licensing
rights to video games developed for the Amiga hardware.

The Bank of France intervened on the
market to buy dollars and sell yen to support the U.S.
Currency, dealers said.
    A major French bank said it acted for the central bank in
buying between five and 15 mln dlrs against yen.
    A dealer at another bank said his bank had been asked to
publicise the intervention, to send a clear signal to the
markets that central banks were acting in concert to maintain
the exchange rates agreed to be appropriate at last month's
meeting of the Group of Five and Canada in Paris.
    The dollar was being quoted at 6.0950/70 francs in early
afternoon dealings after a fix of 6.09425 francs.
    The major French bank said it sold yen at a rate of 149.28
against the dollar.
    The U.S. Currency was subsequently being quoted at
149.25/35.
    The Bank of Japan was reported in the market overnight to
bolster the credibility of the Paris accord following several
days of pressure against the dollar.
    Pressure developed after U.S. Treasury Secretary James
Baker repeated earlier statements that the Reagan
administration had no targets for the dollar, apparently
undermining the assumption that the agreement in Paris had
fixed broad fluctuation ranges for major currencies.
    Baker later said his remark had been misinterpreted.
 REUTER

Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter

Roy F. Weston Inc expects to
distribute a statement shortly, a spokesman said.
    NASDAQ has halted trading in the stock until the
announcement is distributed, saying it last traded at 20-3/4.
 Reuter

 said the board approved a
public offering of 75.0 mln dlrs principal amount of 7-1/4 pct
convertible subordinated debentures, maturing April 30, 2002,
subject to regulatory approvals.
    The debentures will be convertible into common shares at
any time up to April 30, 1992 at a price of 17.50 dlrs a share,
and then up to April 30, 1997 at 18.50 dlrs a share.
    Masco Corp &lt;MAS>, holding 44 pct of Emco, has agreed to
purchase 33.0 mln dlrs of the debentures. Underwriters are
Gordon Capital Corp, Midland Doherty Ltd, Merrill Lynch Canada
Inc and Levesque Beaubien Inc.
 Reuter

Cross and Trecker said it
agreed to acquire the Alliance Automation Systems division of
Gleason Corp &lt;GLE> for an undisclosed amount of cash.
    It said the Gleason division manufactures automated
assembly and test systems used in the production of small to
medium size components for a number of industries, including
automotive, electronic and appliance.
    Alliance Automation had 1986 sales of about 35 mln dlrs and
employs 200.
 Reuter

Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter


******USAIR GETS APPROVAL TO BUY 9,309,394 PIEDMONT SHARES IN TENDER
Blah blah blah.



President Nobuo Ito of International
Telecom Japan Inc (ITJ), one of two rival firms seeking to
enter Japan's international telecommunications market, said it
will offer a stake in the company to 10 foreign firms.
      But he declined to specify what share the firms would
take, and told Reuters they would not participate in its
management.
    ITJ and International Digital Communications Planning Inc
(IDC), in which both Cable and Wireless Plc and Pacific Telesis
Group own 20 pct stakes, are set to merge into a new entity to
compete against Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd.
 Reuter

House of Fabrics Inc said
it expects growth in earnings and revenues as the current
fiscal year progresses.
    It said it will open about 50 super stores this year. 
House of Fabrics now operates 703 stores.
    The company today reported earnings for the year ended
January 31 of 6,191,000 dlrs on sales of 316.4 mln dlrs, up
from prior year earnings of 4,257,000 dlrs on sales of 286.7
mln dlrs.  The prior year earnings included a 2,100,000 dlr
charge for the disposition of Craft Showcase stores.
 Reuter

Emhart Corp said it received
four contracts valued at a total of seven mln dlrs to design,
develop and install data communications and automated
dispatching systems.
    The company said its Planning Research Corp unit, which
received the contracts, will do the work for the city of Grand
Rapids, Mich., the New Jersey Transit Authority, the Los
Angeles County Sheriff's office and the city of Calgary,
Alberta, Canada.
 Reuter

 has
arranged the sale of the one mln ordinary shares it holds in
its subsidiary &lt;Unidare Aluminium Ltd>, Unidare said.
    The placing has been arranged through &lt;Allied Irish
Investment Bank Plc> at an ex-dividend price of 371 Irish pence
per share.
 REUTER

2nd qtr
    Shr profit 32 cts vs loss 95 cts
    Net profit 28.0 mln vs loss 82.2 mln
    Revs 950.2 mln vs 862.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr profit 65 cts vs loss 62 cts
    Net profit 56.6 mln vs loss 53.5 mln
    Revs 1.88 billion vs 1.67 billion
    Avg shrs 92.2 mln vs 86.7 mln
    NOTE: Period ended February 28.
    Prior year net both periods includes pretax asset
writedowns of 114.6 mln dlrs and additions to reserves of 60.0
mln dlrs.
    Prior year net includes tax credits of 53.7 mln dlrs in
quarter and 32.9 mln dlrs in half.
 Reuter

British banks are resisting signing a 76
billion dlr rescheduling package for Mexico in a last ditch
effort to get all participants to contribute equally to a new
7.7 billion dlr loan contained in the package.
    Christopher Brougham, regional manager, rescheduling unit,
at Lloyds Bank Plc, said in response to a Reuter enquiry, that
the six major U.K. Clearing banks last week sent a telex to
Citibank saying they would contribute what was requested
provided all other major lenders did the same and that the U.S.
Banks contribute at least 90 pct of the amount required by
them.
    Other bankers, who declined to be identified, said other
groups of banks particularly those in Switzerland, France and
Canada, were equally reluctant to sign, although they had not
sent any telex to Citibank, which chairs Mexico's 13-bank
advisory group.
    However, they said it was likely that if and when the
British banks sign the accord, the others are likely to follow.
    Under the agreement, for which the signing began on Friday,
commercial banks are being asked to contribute 12.9 pct of
their exposure to Mexico as of August 1982. That was the date
of the first Mexican debt crisis.
    After months of haggling, a proposed rescheduling agreement
for Mexico was struck last September during the annual meeting
of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund in
Washington.
    Ever since then the advisory group, of which Lloyds is a
member, has been attempting to round up the needed signatories.
    However, there has been considerable resistance to the
package, partly because of some of the clauses it contains and
partly because many small U.S. Regional banks do not want to
increase their exposure to any Latin American countries.
    Brougham said, "We (British banks) have always played along
for Mexico and will do so as long as others share equally."
    The decision to send the telexes was agreed on by the six
clearers jointly, but each sent its own telex.
    In addition to Lloyds, telexes were sent by National
Westminster Bank Plc, Barclays Bank Plc, Midland Bank Plc,
tandard Chartered Bank Plc and Royal Bank of Scotland Plc.
    Brougham noted that so far the U.S. Banks have only reached
83-1/2 pct of the total that is expected from them, while the
level of contributions from the U.K. Banks is well in excess of
90 pct. "The U.S. Figure should be closer to ours," he said.
    Many bankers have been angered by the resistance of the
regional U.S. Banks, noting that even if they don't contribute
to the new loan they still will be receiving interest on the
existing loans.
    The banks still have three weeks to sign the agreement and
bankers are hoping all will go according to plan.
    In the meantime, bankers expect further pressure will be
exercised on the regional banks and the major U.S. Banks to
find a solution to the problem. Many have suggested that the
larger U.S. Banks should take on the additional obligations,
but so far they have resisted this.
    Bankers expect that much of the pressure on the U.S. Banks
will come from U.S. Regulators, notably the Federal Reserve.
    Bankers prefer to view the stance taken by the British
banks and other national groups as "a matter of principal, and
burden sharing" rather than as a "pressure tactic" to force the
U.S. Banks to make up their share.
    The bankers are not the only ones to be upset by the
protracted negotiations surrounding the agreement.
    The Mexicans themselves have been angered by the delays. At
the signing in New York last Friday, Finance Minister Gustavo
Petricioli sounded a warning to the recalcitrant banks.
    "Those who supported us today can be sure that Mexico will
continue to be open and willing to share with them the business
opportunities which its future growth will create," Petricioli
said.
    Conversion of bank debt into equity investments in Mexico
is one option banks can take advantage of to reduce their
exposure. But Mexico halted its debt for equity program in
February in an effort to concentrate on finalising the package.
    On Friday, Petricioli said "We will be a lot more
expeditious in processing the requests of banks that have
supported us."
    The pressure on the U.S. Banks comes at a time when other
major Latin American debtors are in the process of crucial debt
negotiations.
    Brazil, the third world's largest debtor, has suspended all
interest payments on its 109 billion dlrs of foreign debt. Many
of the major U.S. Banks, including Citibank, have already said
they might have to put their Brazil loans on a cash basis and
take the financial losses, which could total billions of
dollars.
    This would be required by U.S. Banking regulations if the
interest payments are more than 90 days overdue.
    However, the U.S. Banks are not the only ones threatened by
regulations. In the U.K., A proposed Inland Revenue ruling
would affect the tax treatment of certain types of loans, many
of which are made to Latin American countries.
    Basically, the ruling wants to limit the tax credit a bank
can claim for tax withheld by foreign governments on loan
interest payments.
    The British banks are planning to fight the proposals as
their implementation could prove extremely costly, not just in
terms of compliance but in limiting future business.
 REUTER

China and Portugal today initialled a
joint declaration under which the 400-year-old colony of Macao
will be handed over to Peking on December 20, 1999, the
official New China News Agency reported.
    Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco Silve said in
Lisbon yesterday that China had promised that Macao's existing
political, economic and social system will be maintained until
the year 2050.
    Macao, across the Pearl River estuary from Hong Kong, has a
population of about 400,000.
 Reuter

Shr 34 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 16.7 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Sales 678.7 mln vs 531.0 mln
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    1st half
    Shr 81 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 39.5 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Sales 1.71 billion vs 1.35 billion
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    NOTE: Twelve and 28-week periods.
 Reuter

Iomega Corp said it has signed a
four-year agreement to supply Beta-20 disk drives with
removable cartridges to &lt;Leading Edge Hardware Products Inc>.
    Value was not disclosed.
    The company said shipments will stgart in the second
quarter of 1987.
 Reuter

Treasurer Paul Keating forecast
economic growth at slightly under two pct in the financial year
ending June this year, down from the 2.25 pct forecast
contained in the 1986/87 budget delivered last August.
    Australia's terms of trade also fell, by 18 pct, over the
past two years, he told Parliament. Terms of trade are the
difference between import and export price indexes.
    Despite the figures, the budget forecast of about 1.75 pct
annual growth in employment would be met, Keating said.
    Unemployment is currently at 8.2 pct of the workforce.
    "This government is dragging Australia through a trading
holocaust the kind of which we have not seen since the Second
World War," Keating said.
    "We are not pushing this place into a recession. We are not
only holding our gains on unemployment, we are bringing
unemployment down," he said, adding that the government had help
the country avoid recession.
 REUTER

Vicon Industries Inc said its
shareholders approved an amendment to divide its nine-member
board into three classes with staggered tenures.
    It also said shareholders expanded the indemnification
rights of the company's directors and officers.
    Both actions were taken at the company's annual
shareholders meeting, Vicon said.
 Reuter


fully-owned subsidiary Siemens Informations Systems Inc. Has
raised its stake in Telecom Plus Communications Inc. By 65 pct
to 100 pct, a Siemens spokesman said.
    He added that Telecom Plus Communications was the largest
independent supplier of telephone exchange systems in the U.S.
And had achieved a turnover of 234 mln dlrs in 1986.
   The stake had been acquired from Telecom Plus International
Inc. The spokesman declined to comment on U.S. Newspaper
reports that the purchase price of the remaining stake totalled
173 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

First Medical Devices Corp said
it has received a contract to sell EMT-defibrillation equipment
to Lane County, Ore., for undisclosed terms.
 Reuter


fully-owned subsidiary Siemens Informations Systems Inc. Has
raised its stake in &lt;Telecom Plus Communications Inc.> by 65
pct to 100 pct, a Siemens spokesman said.
    He added that Telecom Plus Communications was the largest
independent supplier of telephone exchange systems in the U.S.
And had turnover of 234 mln dlrs in 1986.
   The stake had been acquired from Telecom Plus International
Inc. The spokesman declined to comment on U.S. Newspaper
reports that the purchase price totalled 173 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Ionics Inc said it received a
20-year seawater desalination contract valued at more than 50
mln dlrs over the life of the contract from (Electrica
Maspalomas SA), a water utility in Grand Canary Island, Spain.
    The contract supplements a previously announced 15-year
contract to supply desalted brackish water in the same
geographical area. That contract is currently valued at 60 mln
dlrs.
    The stated value of the new contract excludes escalation
and possible future increases in capacity, Ionics said. It
calls for the supply of 1.7 mln gallons a day of drinking water
on Grand Canary Island in Spain.
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
government securities market to arrange two billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements, a spokeswoman for the New York
Fed said.
    Federal funds were trading at 6-3/16 pct at the time of the
indirect injection of temporary reserves.
 Reuter
Advanced Magnetics Inc said it
reached a four mln dlrs research and development agreement with
ML TEchnolgy Ventures LP, a limited partnership sponsored by
Merrill LYnch Capital Markets.
    Under the agreement, Advanced Magnetics will develop and
conducts clinical trials of its contrast agents for magnetic
resonance imaging.
    The agreement includes a warrant permitting MLTV to buy up
to 380,000 shares of Advanced Magnetics common stock through
February 1994 at 10.50 dlrs per sahre.
 Reuter

Commodore International Ltd said it
settled and discontinued all pending litigation with Atari
Corp.
    The company issued a statement which said the case had been
settled on terms satisfactory to both sides.
    Company officials were not immediately available for
comment.
 Reuter

GenCorp Inc said it withdrew from
consideration at its annual meeting on March 31 proposals aimed
at providing for a stock split and an increased dividend so
that it could focus its energies on responding to the takeover
offer made last week by a partnership of AFG Industries Inc
&lt;AFG> and Wagner and Brown.
    In addition to proposing an increase in the number of its
outstanding common shares, GenCorp had suggested the adoption
of a classified or "staggered" board and the elimination of
cumulative voting.
    GenCorp said these proposals could "distract energy and
attention from the real task at hand -- to respond to the
tender offer in a manner which is in the best interests of the
company, its shareholders and its other constituencies."
    GenCorp said the proposal to increase its outstanding
shares was made with the aim of declaring a stock split and a
dividend increase.
    The other proposals, it said, would provide for greater
long-term stability and cohesiveness for the GenCorp board.
    The company did not indicate when it might resubmit the
proposals for approval by its shareholders.
 Reuter

U.S. power companies generated a net
47.47 billion kilowatt-hours of electrical energy in the week
ended March 21, up 2.4 pct from 46.36 billion a year earlier,
the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) said.
    In its weekly report on electric output, the electric
utility trade association said electric output in the week
ended March 14 was 48.31 billion kilowatt-hours.
    The EEI said power production in the 52 weeks ended March
21 was 2,557.44 billion kilowatt hours, up 2.1 pct from the
year-ago period.
    Electric output so far this year was 602.26 billion
kilowatt hours, up 2.2 pct from 589.51 billion last year, the
EEI said.
 Reuter

Resorts International Inc
said it received a proposal from &lt;KSZ Co Inc> under which
holders of Resorts class B stock would receive 140 dlrs a share
in cash and one share of common stock in a new company to be
formed through the takeover.
    Under the offer, Resorts said holders of its class A shares
would receive 15 dlrs a share in cash and three shares of
common stock in the new company.
    Resorts said the offer from KSZ calls for a merger of
Resorts with RI Acquisition Co Inc, a newly formed Delaware
corporation.
    Resorts said that prior to the merger, RI Acquisition would
be capitalized with about 100 mln dlrs of debt and about 220
mln dlrs of equity.
    It said 200 mln dlrs of the equity would be in the form of
special preferred stock.
    The KSZ offer, Resorts said, indicates that KSZ has a
commitment from &lt;M. Davies Cos> to buy all of the special
preferred stock.
    Resorts said the offer will expire at 1700 EST on March 27.
It said it asked its investment advisor, Bear, Stearns and Co,
to advise its board on the offer.
    Earlier this month, the estate of James M. Crosby and
certian members of his family agreed to sell their class B
shares to New York real estate tycoon Donald Trump for 135 dlrs
a share. The estate and family members hold 78 pct of the
752,297 class B shares outstanding.
    Trump also agreed to pay 135 dlrs a share for the remaining
class B shares outstanding.
    Resorts also has about 5,680,000 shares of outstanding
class A stock. These shares carry one one-hundredth the voting
power of the class B shares.
    Trump's offer beat out a rival bid of 135 dlrs a share made
by Pratt Hotel Corp &lt;PRAT>.
    Resorts said that under the proposal made by KSZ, existing
class A and class B shareholders would control about 96 pct of
the outstanding common of the new company formed to acquire
Resorts.
    Resorts said the new company, upon completion of the
merger, would hold the 220 mln dlrs of debt and that the
special preferred stock would immediately be converted into
exchangeable participating preferred of the new company.
    This preferred, Resorts said, would pay a dividend based on
the net cash flows from the new company's Paradise Island
operations.
    A Resorts spokesman said the KSZ offer was made in a
two-page letter and that Resorts could not comment on it
because it did not contain enough information. Resorts has
asked Bear, Sterns to obtain complete data, he said.
    The spokesman said Resorts is not familiar with KSZ but
that it believes the company is controlled by Marvin Davis, the
Denver oilman.
    Calls to Davis were referred to Lee Solters, who handles
public relations for Davis. Solters, said to be travelling, was
not immediately available for comment.
    Donald Trump was also unavailable for comment, as was a
spokesman for the Crosby estate.
 Reuter

Shr loss seven cts vs profit five cts
    Net loss 149,421 vs profit 103,120
    Sales 1,698,345 vs 1,920,010
    Six Mths
    Shr loss five cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 100,472 vs profit 191,614
    Sales 3,836,794 vs 3,650,322
 Reuter

Collins Foods International Inc
said it moved up the conversion date for its warrants to
purchase common stock to April 24.
    There are currently 2,160,000 warrants outstanding, the
company said. It said each warrant entitles the holder to buy
one Collins common share at 12.11 dlrs per share.
    Collins also said the warrants were originally scheduled to
expire on December 15, 1988.
    But the agreement under which the warrants were issued
permits the company to accelerate the date if the closing price
of its common stock equals or exceeds 21.78 dlrs per share for
10 consecutive trading days, the company said.
    It also pointed out that the stock price closed at 22.75
dlrs per share on March 23.
 Reuter

Caltex Petroleum Corp said it will
raise
posted prices for naphtha and several grades of residual fuel
in Bahrain, effective March 25.
     Caltex, a joint venture of Chevron Corp &lt;CHV> and Texaco
INC &lt;TX>, said its naphtha posting is up four cts a gallon to
43 cts. It said it is raising its marine diesel oil posting by
30 cts a barrel to 20.24 dlrs a barrel.
    Light, medium, and heavy fuel oil postings are up 1.50 dlrs
a barrel, the company said. This will bring the light fuel oil
price to 16.90 dlrs, medium to 15.50 dlrs, and heavy to 14.60
dlrs, the company said.
 Reuter

Shr loss 56 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 1.9 mln vs loss 164,000
    revs 6.9 mln vs 5.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.15 dlrs vs profit 52 cts
    Net loss 3.8 mln vs profit 1.7 mln
    Revs 25.6 mln vs 29.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net loss includes loss 6.5 mln dlrs for
nonrecurring reserve for closing costs of facility, writeoffs
and sales of real estate.
    
 Reuter

Monolithic Memories Inc
said it plans to discontinue marketing its gate array
integrated circuit product line and focus efforts on the market
for field-programmable products.
    It said the current market dynamics will hinder
profitability in the gate array market for some time.
    Monolithic also said it does not expect the move to have a
negative impact on earnings, adding, the company has estimated
that the gate array products would have contributed only one
pct of revenues in fiscal 1987.
 Reuter

American Telephone and Telegraph Co
said it formed a 600-member sales force dedicated exclusively
to its computers and other data systems products.
    Separately, ATT denied reports that it plans to buy back a
large chunk of its stock. ATT's stock is up 1/4 points at
25-1/8 in heavy trading.
    The company said it also created a separate 500-member team
that will educate the computer sales force and its other sales
groups on ATT's computer products. This group, ATT said,
reports directly to Vittorio Cassoni, senior vice president of
its computer unit. (Corrects sales support team size to 500)

REUTER

McDonnell Douglas Corp (MD) has
received a 30.6 mln dlr contract for work on development of the
standoff land attack missile (SLAM), the Navy said.
 REUTER

Xoma Corp said it filed a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission covering a proposed public offering of 1.3 mln
common shares.
    Xoma, a biotechnology company which produces monoclonal
antibody-based products to treat some forms of cancer, said
proceeds will be used to fund research and product development,
human clinical trials and the expansion of manufacturing
capacity and working capital.
    It said Dillon Read and Co Inc and Alex Brown and Sons Inc
will manage the underwriting.
 Reuter

Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve rose on March 23 to 3.332 billion dlrs from 3.062
billion dlrs on the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 15.513
billion dlrs from 17.257 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 18.845
billion dlrs on March 23 compared with 20.318 billion dlrs on
March 20.
 Reuter

The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has switched 25.0 mln dlrs in wheat credit guarantees to
Jordan under the Export Credit Guarantee Program to the
Intermediate Export Credit Guarantee Program, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The switch reduces the total value of GSM-102 guarantees
for the current fiscal year to 30.0 mln dlrs.
    The credit terms extended for export sales under the
Intermediate Export Credit Guarantee Program (GSM-103) must be
in excess of three years but not more than seven years.
    All sales must be registered and exports completed by
September 30, 1987, the department said.
 Reuter

William Bywater, president of the
International Union of Electronic Workers, called on President
Reagan to retaliate against Japan for unfair practices in
semiconductor trade.
    He said in a statement a crash program was needed in the
semiconductor industry to prevent the United States from
becoming "one of the world's industrial lightweights."
    Bywater's remarks came as the White House Economic Policy
Council prepared for a Thursday meeting to decide what
sanctions if any should be taken against Japan for alleged 
violations of a U.S.-Japanese semiconductors agreement.
    The pact, agreed to last July, called for Tokyo to end
selling semiconductors at below cost and to open its home
market to U.S. goods. In return, Washington agreed to forego
antidumping duties on Japanese semiconductors.
    But U.S. officials have said that while Japan has stopped
dumping in the U.S. market, it has not ended third country
dumping; nor has it opened its market to U.S. semiconductors.
    Japan yesterday, in an effort to ward off U.S. action,
ordered a cutback in semiconductors production as a way to
force prices up and end the dumping.
    Bywater, in his statement, said he backed a Defense Science
Board task force proposal to set up a consortium to develop new
electronic products and manufacturing processes and make the
U.S. industory more competitive.
    But he added the industry could not wait for legislation to
pass and that action was required now to help the depressed
electronic industry.
    Bywater said, "I urge the Reagan Administration to take full
and severe action immediately against Japan by invoking the
retaliatory steps that are permitted under U.S. law and GATT
(General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade)."
 Reuter

USX Corp's USS subsidiary said
that effective with shipments beginning July 1 prices for all
leaded grades and 1200-series grades of hot rolled bar and
semi-finished products from its Lorain, Ohio, facility will be
increased by 15 dlrs a ton over the prices in effect June 1.
    It said the increase is being made to reflect current
market conditions.
 Reuter

The U.S. Treasury said it will sell
12.8 billion dlrs of three and six-month bills at its regular
auction next week.
    The March 30 sale, to be evenly divided between the three
and six month issues, will result in a paydown of 1.2 billion
dlrs as maturing bills total 13.99 billion dlrs.
    The bills will be issued April 2.
 Reuter

Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 15
 Reuter

The chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board, Paul Volcker, has written to the chairman of the House
Banking Committee to raise concerns about legislative proposals
scheduled for consideration Wednesday.
    Volcker told committee chairman Fernand St. Germain a
proposal to deny primary dealer status to firms from countries
that do not grant U.S. firms equal access to their government
debt markets might invite retaliation against U.S. firms
abroad.
    He added, "even Japan, against whom this proposal seems to
be particularly directed," has started opening its markets.
    In his letter, made available at the Treasury, Volcker also
said a proposal to ease debt problems of developing countries
by setting up a public facility to buy their debts owed to
commercial banks, was a problem.
    "I believe that the prospect of debt relief would undermine
the difficult internal efforts of the borrowing countries to
achieve the structural reform that is needed regardless of the
policies that are followed on servicing external debt," Volcker
said.
    It might also cause private lenders to become reluctant to
extend more credit to the borrowing countries, he said.
    Volcker said he endorsed comments by Treasury Secretary
James Baker "about the inappropriateness of using public
resources for purchasing private commercial bank debt, which we
both see as an inherent aspect of the proposed international
debt facility."
    He also said a proposal for establishing formal procedures
for international negotiations on currency exchange rates "is
unrealistic and could well have damaging effects."
    "For example, the bill's directive to intitiate negotiations
in order to achieve a competitive exchange rate for the dollar
-- a matter upon which there can be considerable difference
among analysts -- runs the risk of building up potentially
destabilizing market expectations," Volcker said.
    He recommended "we should not lock ourselves into formalized
procedures for international negotiations" on exchange rates but
instead use other, more flexible means like the recent mmeting
in Paris between U.S. treasury and central bank representatives
and those of major trade allies.
 Reuter

Maryland National Corp, the parent of
Maryland National Bank which earlier this month merged with
American Security Bank, said its shareholders will vote on a
new name for the regional bank holding company at its April 29
annual meeting.
    It said MNC Financial Inc is the proposed new name for the
parent company. The banks merged on March 16, and have combined
assets of about 14 billion dlrs.
    Maryland said the new name only will be used for the parent
and it does not plan to change the names of Maryland National
Bank, American Security Bank or non-bank affiliates.
 Reuter


******API SAYS DISTILLATE STOCKS OFF 4.07 MLN BBLS, GASOLINE OFF 2.69 MLN, CRUDE UP 8.53 MLN
Blah blah blah.



Citicorp expects net income in its
individual banking sector to top one billion dlrs by 1993,
compared with 462 mln dlrs in 1986, said Richard Braddock, head
of Citicorp's individual banking division.
    "We can double our earnings over the next five to seven
years," he told a banking analysts meeting, adding that this
forecast may be on the conservative side.
    He said that bank card operations and the New York branch
system would continue to turn in hefty profits but also picked
out other developing areas, such as U.S. mortgage and
international consumer, as major potential earners.
    Braddock and his sector heads made the following more
specific predictions:
    - Cost of funds and net credit loss levels in the U.S.
bankcard unit will taper off in coming years from 1986's
relatively inflated levels.
    - Customer net revenue in the mortgage banking area will
rise to 464.7 mln dlrs in 1987 from 374.3 mln in 1986.
    - The international consumer business will show 22 pct
compound annual growth in earnings between 1986 and 1992.
    - Private banking earnings will hit 100 mln dlrs in 1987
and top 200 mln dlrs in 1992.
 Reuter

&lt;Health Research and
Management Group> said it has filed for protection under
Chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy law.
    The company said it filed the petitions to reorganize debt
and eliminate contingent liabilities it incurred while
attempting to expand nationally.
    Health Research also said it owes about 750,000 dlrs of its
1.1 mln dlrs in debt to &lt;MedPro Group Inc>, a former jont
venture partner.
    The company added it has asked the Minnesota Department of
Commerce to suspend trading of its common stock pending
dissemination of current financial information.
    Also, the company said George Frisch has been elected
chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer,
replacing Daniel Zismer, who resigned as chairman of the board
and  O. Frederick Kiel, who resigned as president and chief
executive officer.
 Reuter


******U.S. SELLING 12.8 BILLION DLRS OF 3 AND 6-MO BILLS MARCH 30 TO PAY DOWN 1.2 BILLION DLRS
Blah blah blah.



Southmark Corp's National Heritage Inc
said it has started the initial public offering of 2,000,000
shares of common stock at 9.50 dlrs per share.
    It said all shares are being traded though  NASDAQ under
the symbol &lt;NHER>.
    The lead underwriter for the offering is Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc, with Bear, Stearns and Co Inc., and E.F. Hutton
and Co Inc acting as co-underwriters, the company said.
    Proceeds will be used to augment working capital, complete
scheduled renovations at some National Heritage leased
facilities and repay certain debts to Southmark, it said.
 Reuter

Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said he supported efforts to persuade newly-industrialized
countries (NICS) to revalue currencies that are tied to the
dollar in order to help the United States cut its massive trade
deficit.
    "We do need to do something with those currencies or we
will be substituting Japanese products for Taiwanese products,"
or those of other nations with currencies tied to the dollar,
Baldrige told a House banking subcommittee.
    The U.S. dollar has declined in value against the Yen and
European currencies, but has changed very little against the
currencies of some developing countries such as South Korea and
Taiwan because they are linked to the value of the dollar.
    As a result, efforts to reduce the value of the dollar over
the past year and a half have done little to improve the trade
deficits with those countries.
    Baldrige told a House Banking subcommittee that the
Treasury Department was attempting to persuade those countries
to reach agreement with the United States on exchange rates.

 Reuter

Triangle Industries Inc said it began
a previously announced offer to exchange one share of Triangle
common stock for each share of participating preferred stock.
    The offer will expire April 21.
    Triangle said that sales in 1987 will exceed four billion
dlrs.
    For the year ended December 31, 1986, Triangle reported
sales of 2.7 billion dlrs and net income of 47.6 mln dlrs.

 Reuter

Eaton Corp's AIL Division has
received a 53.0 mln dlr contract for jamming system work for
the EA-6B electronic warfare aircraft, the Navy said.
 Reuter

Charter Co, the huge
petrochemical concern in bankruptcy proceedings stemming from
hundreds of dioxin-related claims, said it and all of its
subsidiaries, except the Independent Petrochemical Corp, will
complete their reorganization on March 31.
    It said that on that date, it will deposit with an escrow
agent 288.8 mln dlrs in cash, 66.7 mln dlrs in notes and 31 mln
shares of its common for distribution.
    Company officials were not immediately available for
comment.
    As previously reported, Charter settled dioxin-related
claims for about 1,200 individuals and the state of Missouri,
resolving claims against it and all subsidiaries except
Independent Petrochemical.
    Charter said some of the settlements remain subject to
appeals and final court approvals and resolve claims against
charter and its subsidiaries except Independent Petrochemical.
    It said about 500 individual claims against it and certain
of its units remain pending as disputed claims in bankruptcy
court. It said about 300 of these claims have been filed since
confirmation of the joint plan of reorganization.
    Charter said its two creditors, an equity committee in its
bankruptcy proceedings and &lt;American Financial Corp>, which
will own 50.5 pct of its common after the reorganization, have
waived the requirement that Charter resolve all dioxin-related
claims against it prior to completing its reorganization.
    That requirement excludes claims against Independent
Petrochemical. Charter also said a plan for liquidation of
Independent has been approved by the bankruptcy court and will
be completed after March 31.
    Earlier, Charter reported net income for the year of 153.2
mln dlrs, which included a gain of 28.5 mln dlrs for
discontinued operations and 114.8 mln dlrs for the settlement
of claims in its reorganization proceedings.
    In 1985, it reported earnings of 1,274,000 dlrs, which
included a loss of 36.3 mln dlrs for discontinued operations
and 29.4 mln dlrs for extraordinary items.
    For the fourth quarter, it reported earnings of 118.8 mln
dlrs, including a gain of 28.6 mln dlrs for discontinued
operations and 90.5 mln dlrs mainly for claims settlements. In
the year-ago period, Charter reported a loss of 13 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Nashua Corp said it signed a
letter of intent to purchase &lt;Lin Data Corp>, a private
manufacturer of high-capacity rigid discs for storage of
computer data.
    Under the terms of the letter, Nashua said it will acquire
all classes of Lin stock for 24 mln dlrs. In addition, it said
it will loan Lin 1,200,000 dlrs to support its operations.
    The closing of the sale is set for the second quarter of
1987, the company said.
 Reuter

Gartner Group Inc said it
acquired sole ownership of the COMTEC Market Research Program.
    Gartner said its wholly-owned subsidiary purchased the
interests of its former partners for an aggregate price of
1,125,000 plus a percentage of net sales proceeds on future
sales of certain products.
    Prior to the acquisition, Gartner Group owned one-third in
the COMTEC partnership, it said.
 Reuter

Shr 35 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 2,642,000 vs 3,017,000
    Sales 19.1 mln vs 18.9 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr 69 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 5,178,000 vs 5,299,000
    Sales 35.6 mln vs 33.8 mln
 Reuter

Metalbanc Corp said signed a letter of
intent for a proposed public offering of one mln units,
consisting of four shares of common stock and stock purchase
warrants for two additional shares.
    The units are expected to be sold at between five dlrs and
6.50 dlrs per unit.
 Reuter

A feud among Democrats and
Republicans persisted at the House Budget Committee, stalling
the writing of a fiscal 1988 U.S. budget plan.
    Republicans failed to appear at a drafting session called
by Democratic committee chairman William Gray as a make-up
meeting to end bickering that has delayed budget activity  for
a week and threatens the ability of Congress meeting an April
15 deadline for completing the deficit-cutting budget.
    Republicans told Gray yesterday they would appear today and
participate if the meeting was held behind closed doors.

    He said the Republicans were prepared to make a "good faith"
effort to cooperate if the budget deliberations were held
behind closed doors and not in public as is the normal
procedure.
    However, they failed to appear today and Gray said he had
been told they wanted House Speaker Jim Wright to answer a
series of budget questions posed by House Republican leader Bob
Michel before they would cooperate in budget matters.
     The budget feuding led the Washington Post today to
editorialize that it was childish, similar to an eraser fight
among fourth grade students.
 Reuter

Central bank intervention in the
foreign exchange markets succeeded in staunching the dollar's
losses today, but senior dealers here believe the U.S. currency
is headed for a further retreat.
    Although the intervention was widespread, dealers perceive
that the six major industrial nations have differing levels of
commitment to their recent accord to stabilize currencies.
    Moreover, hard economic realities hold greater sway over
the currency market than central bank intervention and these
argue for a further dollar decline, dealers said.
    "The market can be bigger than the central banks. And
economic fundamentals will always come to the fore," said a
dealer at one major U.S. bank.
    As the dollar dropped to post-World War II lows against the
yen today foreign exchange traders said the Bank of Japan,
Federal Reserve Board and Bank of England intervened in the
markets on behalf of the U.S. currency.
    Reports of the authorities' actions helped the dollar
recover to about 149.45 yen in New York this afternoon from
the post-war low of 148.20 yen in the Far East. But it still
failed to regain Monday's U.S. closing level of 150.00/05 yen.
    Tokyo dealers said the Bank of Japan bought one to 1.5
billion dlrs in Tokyo today and may also have purchased dollars
yesterday in the U.S. via the Federal Reserve.
    Meanwhile, there were strong rumors in New York that the
Fed also bought a modest amount of dollars around 148.50 yen
today. Talk also circulated that the Bank of England purchased
a small amount of dollars for yen.
    The Fed's last confirmed intervention was on January 28
when it bought 50 mln dlrs in coordination with the Bank of
Japan. But on March 11 the Fed also was rumored to have
signalled displeasure with a dollar surge above 1.87 marks.
    The authorities' actions appeared to back up the February
22 Paris pact between the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,
France and Canada under which the nations agreed to cooperate
to foster exchange rate stability around prevailing levels.
    But foreign exchange dealers were not overly impressed by
the authorities' intervention which they said can only soften
extreme moves in the market.
    For one thing, some dealers believed that the Fed's
purchases were done on behalf of the Bank of Japan rather than
for the U.S. central bank's own account, suggesting a rather  
watered-down American commitment to the currency accord.
    The Bank of England's action also was thought to be
completed on behalf of the Japanese central bank, reinforcing
the market's view that Japan is the most resolute of the six
nations in its support of the currency pact.
    "No-one doubts the Bank of Japan is serious. But the other
two central banks seem to be making more token gestures than
anything else," said Chris Bourdain of BankAmerica Corp.
    "I'm not convinced the intervention was concerted," said
Earl Johnson of Harris Trust and Savings Bank in Chicago. 
"It's a yen problem more than anything else."
    Some dealers said a rising wave of trade protectionist
sentiment in the U.S. limits the extent to which the American
authorities can endorse a stronger dollar against the yen.
    "The dollar's break below the key 150 yen level ties the
Treasury's hands behind its back. The U.S. cannot intervene on
its own account because of the strength of protectionism here,"
said Albert Soria of Swiss Bank Corp.
    Such comments reflect the view that the currency markets
are becoming increasingly politicized. Despite official
denials, some traders still feel the U.S. would countenance a
lower dollar to help trim the nation's trade deficit.
    The majority of the 170 billion dlr merchandise trade
deficit in 1986 was with Japan.
    Indeed U.S. Treasury secretary James Baker's comment on
Sunday that the February currency pact had not established
dollar targets was read by the market as a signal to sell the
U.S. currency and kicked off the latest retreat.
    "The dollar still has more room on the downside against the
yen based on the frictions in trade and financial services. The
currency market is becoming very political," said Natsuo Okada
of Sumitomo Bank Ltd.
    Okada expects the dollar to trade between 148 and 150 yen
this week but sees the chance of a drop to 140 yen by the end
of April or early May.
    Even if West Germany and Japan succeed in stimulating their
economies, it may not be enough to solve structural economic
imbalances in the near future, dealers said.
    "Even if Japan and West Germany do expand this year, it
won't be enough to help the trade situation much," said
Bourdain of BankAmerica, who also expects the dollar to drop to
148 yen in the next couple of days.
 Reuter

Eastman Kodak Co said it plans
to sell its 2.3 pct holding in ICN Pharmaceuticals &lt;ICN> and
part of its nine pct holdings in Viratek &lt;VIRA>.
    It said the purpose of the investments had been to lay the
groundwork for the creation of its Nucleic Acid Research
Institute.
    Since that has been achieved, there is no longer any reason
to maintain the equity positions, Kodak said.
    Kodak holds 470,000 sahres of ICN, currently trading at
about 18-3/4 and 700,000 of Viratek, trading at 44.
 Reuter

 said it sold a
master franchise license to one of the largest independent
groups of management consultants in the Caribbean.
    It said that under the master license the group will
operate under the name VR Caribbean Inc and will cover
countries of the Caribbean basin and Central America and Dade
County, Fla.
    Terms of the sale were not disclosed.
 Reuter

Northern Indiana Public Service
Company said it again omitted its quarterly common stock
dividend which would have been payable in May.
    NIPSCO said it has not paid a qtly dividend since December
1985 following an adverse decision by the Indiana Supreme Court
denying amortization of about 191 mln dlrs NIPSCO invested in
its Bailly N-1 project.
 Reuter

A member of the board which
regulates the farm credit system said Congress should plan to
provide at least 800 mln dlrs in fiscal 1988 to bailout the
troubled system, but other members of the board differed.
    Jim Billington, Farm Credit Administration (FCA) board
member told a House Agriculture Appropriations subcommittee
hearing "I feel your subcommittee should plan on providing at
least 800 mln next year to assist the Farm Credit System."
    However, FCA board member Marvin Duncan differed, saying
"it is premature to talk about the cost of a solution until we
know what kind of solution."
    Chairman of the FCA board, Frank Naylor, said it might be
possible to structure a rescue of the system with government
guarantees or a line of credit which requires little or no
upfront government money.
    However, Billington said Congress must provide help
immediately because "this system needs some assurance that it
will get some help."
    The FCA estimates the system could lose up to 1.4 billion
dlrs in 1987, exhausting the remainder of its working capital,
Naylor said.
    The farm credit system is expected to present its own
proposals for government aid to a Senate Agriculture
subcommittee hearing on Thursday.
    Naylor said the Treasury Department is continuing to refine
Reagan administration ideas on how a rescue should be
structured.
    Congressional sources said they hope to begin drafting a
rescue bill for the farm credit system as early as next week.
 Reuter

Shr three cts vs 11 cts
    Net 126,000 vs 434,000
    Revs 84.0 mln vs 80.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,948,731 vs 3,870,511
 Reuter

Brazilian Science and Technology
Minister Renato Archer said Brazil will keep its computer
market closed to foreign goods in order to give its own infant
industry time to develop.
    "Every country establishes laws to protect its interests.
The United States closed their borders at a certain stage to
some foreign goods and therefore protected its industrial
development. Now it is time for Brazil to do likewise," Archer
said at the opening of a national software conference.
    After several meetings, Brazil and the U.S. Have made no
major progress in their computer row, which they have been
trying to resolve for the past 18 months.
    The Reagan administration has objected to Brazil protecting
its computer industry from imports.
 Reuter

Leading U.S. farm state senators are
seeking to insert into the Senate's omnibus trade bill a
provision that would broaden eligibility requirements under the
U.S. Agriculture Department's export enhancement program, EEP,
to include traditional buyers of U.S. farm products, including
the Soviet Union, Senate staff said.
    Under existing criteria, USDA can offer EEP subsidies to
recoup export markets lost to competing nations' unfair trading
practices.
    Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.)
is leading a group of farm state senators in an effort to
broaden the criteria in such a way as to enable Moscow to be
eligible for the subsidies, sources said.
    The senators -- including Senate Finance Committee Chairman
Lloyd Bentsen (D-Tex.), Max Baucus (D-Mont.), David Pryor
(D-Ark.), John Melcher (D-Mont.) and Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) --
also may fold into the trade bill a measure to shield pork
producers and processors from Canadian imports.
    The measure, sponsored by Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa),
would clarify the definition of "industry" in determining whether
or not imports were causing injury to U.S. producers.
    Grassley's bill stems from a 1985 decision by the
International Trade Commission that imports from Canada of live
swine -- but not fresh, chilled and frozen pork -- were harming
U.S. producers.
    The bill's proponents have argued Canada has simply
replaced shipments of live hogs with fresh pork.
 Reuter

Federal Reserve Board Vice Chairman
Manuel Johnson said the dollar has stabilized against other
currencies after action taken by the Fed.
    "We have taken the appropriate action and the dollar has
stabilized," Johnson said after testifying to a House Banking
subcommittee.
    He did not elaborate on the nature of the action nor when
it was taken, but said that it was in the spirit of the
agreement reached by six industrial nations in Paris recently.
    Johnson said the dollar's decline against other currencies
such as the Japanese yen has been gradual.
    Since the accord by the United States, Britain, West
Germany, Japan, France and Canada, foreign exchange markets
have been closely watching for indications of intervention by
central banks to determine the committment by those nations to
their agreement.
    The nations agreed that currency exchange rates were at
about the correct levels when the pact was signed earlier this
year.
 Reuter

Zaire has been authorized to
purchase about 30,000 tonnes of U.S. rice under an existing PL
480 agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It may buy the rice, valued at 5.5 mln dlrs, between March
31 and August 31, 1987, and ship it from U.S. ports by
September 30, the department said.
    The purchase authorization covers the entire quantity of
rice provided under the agreement.
 Reuter

Montreal-based Noverco Inc told the
Securities and Exchange Commission it reduced its stake in
Sceptre Resources Ltd to 1,232,200 shares or 4.8 pct of the
total outstanding.
    Noverco said it sold off 400,500 shares "to reduce the
investment of Noverco in Sceptre."
    "Additional common shares of Sceptre may be sold or
purchased by Noverco, depending upon market conditions," Noverco
said.
 Reuter


******GENCORP BOARD WITHDRAWS PROPOSALS TO STAGGER DIRECTORS TERMS
Blah blah blah.



Sales of U.S.-made cars during
mid-March, the traditional start of the spring selling season,
dropped 3.9 pct behind last year's level, analysts say.
    Automakers sold about 204,000 cars in the March 11-20
selling period, 10,000 fewer than last year. Analysts said the
decline may auger poorly for the rest of the spring season.
    Buyers shied away from the showrooms of American Motors
Corp &lt;AMO>, the target of a 1.5 billion dlr takeover bid from
Chrysler Corp &lt;C>. Analysts said consumers were anxious about
the whether Chrysler will retain some American Motors models,
causing a 62 pct drop in American Motors sales in mid-March.
    Chrysler's mid-March sales fell 3.6 pct.
    "During the spring selling season, you usually look for
some kind of seasonal uplift in sales. It doesn't look like
it's happening," said Joseph Philippi, analyst with E.F. Hutton
and Co.
    "There may be less bloom to the spring selling season this
year than last," one auto company official conceded.
    General Motors Corp &lt;GM>, still working to regain consumer
interest in its cars, led the drop with a 14.8 pct decline.
    Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> sales increased 15.2 pct for the
period. But analysts said the rise compares to a 1986 period
for Ford, leaving it down 10 pct in two years.
    "The total industry (mid-March sales) was slightly less
than expected," the company official said.
    American Motors' decline caught analysts eye. "American
Motors took it on the chin--big," said Philippi.
    Given the prospective takeover by Chrysler, "people might
be a little leary about going to (American Motors) dealers," he
said.
    American Motors sold 790 domestic cars in the period,
meaning each of American Motors 1,050 dealers "is selling a car
about every other day," Philippi said.
    Potential American Motors buyers are afraid their car
models "might disappear," he said.
    Chrysler, in its purchase agreement with American Motors'
majority stockholder &lt;Renault>, has agreed not to undercut
sales of American Motors' new Medallion and Premier cars, made
by Renault.
    On a company by company basis, sales of U.S. made cars from
the March 11 to 20 period were--GM 105,438, down 14.8 pct, Ford
67,672, up 15.2 pct, Chrysler 30,909, down 3.6 pct, American
Motors 790, down 6.2 pct, American Honda 7,447 compared with
5,031, Nissan Motor Corp, 3,358, up 10.7 pct, Volkswagon U.S.
Inc 1,330, down 35 pct.
 Reuter

Kirschner Medical corp said it
completed the acquisition of Minnesota Mining and
Manufacturing's &lt;MMM> orthopedic metal implant line division.
    The acquisition price is 12.0 mln dlrs in cash, a six mln
dlr three year note and 100,000 shares of Kirschner common
stock.
    The division had sales of 11.3 mln dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter


******U.S. 2-YEAR NOTE AVERAGE YIELD 6.43 PCT, STOP 6.44 PCT, AWARDED AT HIGH YIELD 85 PCT
Blah blah blah.



Exxon Co USA of Houston has been
awarded a 99.2 mln dlr contract for jet fuel, the Defense
Logistics Agency said.
 Reuter


******EASTMAN KODAK CO TO SELL HOLDINGS IN ICN PHARMACEUTICALS AND VIRATEK INC
Blah blah blah.




******FED'S JOHNSON SAYS DOLLAR STABILIZED AFTER FED TOOK APPROPRIATE ACTION
Blah blah blah.



Republic American Corp said it
began an offer to exchange a new issue of 9-1/2 pct
subordinated debentures due 2002 for a portion of its common
stock.
    Republic said it is offering to acquire its stock at a rate
of 17.50 dlrs principal amount of debentures per common share.
    The offering, which expires on April 27 unless extended, is
for up to 2,250,000 shares, with the company reserving the
right to accept three mln shares, Republic also said.
 Reuter

 said it acquired
all the assets of &lt;Business Aviation Inc> of Sioux Falls, S.D.,
for an undisclosed amount of stock.
    Midivest said it expects to sell 10 to 20 of the renovated
Beechcraft planes next year. It said management will also lease
these airborne intensive care units to hospitals and government
subdivisions through Metropolitan Leasing, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Midivest.
 Reuter

Inland Steel Industries and
Governor Robert Orr of Indiana said the new joint venture cold-
rolled steel plant between Inland Steel and Nippon Steel Corp
will be built on a site in St. Joseph County Indiana.
    Inland Steel said yesterday that the joint venture, to be
named I/N Tek, will cost more than 400 mln dlrs and will employ
over 200 people by the time the companies complete the project
in 1990.
 Reuter


******RESORTS INTERNATIONAL GETS BUYOUT PROPOSAL FROM KSZ CO INC
Blah blah blah.



Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 18
 Reuter

Interleukin-2 Inc said the
registration of warrants became effective March 20 and that 3.5
mln warrants will be convertible into 1.75 mln shares of the
company's common stock, giving the company a maximum of 2.4 mln
dlrs.
    The warrants must be exercised by June 22.
 Reuter

U.S. corn acreage this year is 
likely to drop to the lowest level since the unsurpassed
acreage reductions of the 1983 PIK year and could rank as one
of the lowest corn plantings in the United States in sixty
years, Agriculture Department officials said.
    USDA releases its official plantings report on March 31.
Agriculture Department analysts said next week's figures will
likely show a sharp drop in acreage to as low as 65 mln acres,
down 22 pct from last year's plantings of 83.3 mln acres.
    Assuming an 18 mln acre drop in plantings, U.S. corn
production will also decrease significantly. Analysts said 1987
corn production could drop by over one billion bushels to
around seven billion bushels.
    Expected signup of up to 90 pct in the 1987 feed grains
program, along with 1.9 mln acres enrolled in the conservation
program, will cause acreage to plummet, Department feedgrain
analysts said.
    "There's no question that there will be a sharp decrease in
corn acreage," one said. "It's difficult for any farmer to not
go along with the program this year."
    Soybean acreage is also expected to decline this year but
at a much slower rate of around four pct, USDA analysts said.
    Soybean plantings could drop to 59 mln acres or below, they
said, compared to last year's level of 61.5 mln acres.
    If analysts' unofficial estimates prove correct then the
drop in u.s. corn acreage will be the largest since 1983 when
farmers idled 22 mln acres in the Payment-In-Kind program.
    Farmers planted only around 60 mln acres of corn in 1983. A
severe drought that summer in major producing states caused
yields to tumble and final crop production to total only 4.2
billion bushels.
    Given normal weather conditions this year, USDA analysts
said the 1987 corn crop could end up around seven billion
bushels, down from last year's crop of 8.3 billion bushels.
    "This kind of acreage reduction will mean a significant
reduction in production," an analyst said.
    A crop of seven billion bushels is close to the annual U.S.
corn usage, so surplus stocks, while not decreasing, would not
increase significantly, a specialist said.
    High producing corn belt states are expected to show the
greatest acreage reductions, based upon historical
participation in government programs, analysts said.
    In contrast, soybean acreage is likely to be cut the most
in marginal producing areas of the southeast and the western
corn belt, a USDA soybean analyst said.
    "Soybean acreage in the eastern corn belt will not budge,"
he said. Neither does he expect any significant acreage cuts in
higher-producing delta areas.
    Soybean production could drop fractionally from last year's
2.0 billion bushels to 1.8 to 1.9 billion, he said.
    U.S. soybean acreage, after soaring to 71.4 mln acres in
1979 from only 52 mln acres five years prior to that, has
steadily declined in the 1980's.
    U.S. corn acreage, with the exception of 1983, has been in
the low to mid 80-mln acre range for the past 10 years. The
highest corn plantings reported in the 60 years that USDA has
kept such records was in 1932 when farmers planted 113 mln
acres and obtained average yields of 26.5 bushels per acre.
    Last year U.S. farmers obtained record corn yields
averaging 119.3 bushels per acre.
    "We have absolutely no trouble producing an eight billion
bushel crop on only 80 mln acres or so," an analyst said.
    Corn acreage will probably level at around 65 mln acres as
long as government program provisions remain the same, analysts
said.
    Currently farmers enrolling in the program are required to
set aside 20 pct of their base acreage and then are eligible
for payments of two dlrs per bushel by idling an additional 15
pct of their acreage.
    "To get to the PIK level of 60 mln acres, we would have to
provide more incentives," an analyst said.
 Reuter

Bull and Bear Group A said it lowered
its monthly dividends on three of its funds.
    It said it lowered its Tax Free Income Fund &lt;BLTFX> to 10.3
cts from 10.6 cts; its U.S. Government Guaranteed Securities
Fund &lt;BBUSX> to 11.5 cts from 11.8 cts; and its High Yield Fund
&lt;BULHX> to 14 cts from 14.2 cts.
    All dividends are payable March 31 to shareholders of
record March 25, the company said.
 Reuter

 has joined investors
suing former Wall Street speculator Ivan Boesky, alleging it
was deceived into putting money into his one billion dlr
investment partnership in 1986.
    Guinness, the largest limited partner in Ivan F. Boeksy and
Co. L.P., is the latest to file suit in federal court in
Manhattan against Boesky, court papers show.
    About 40 other investors have also filed suit over similar
allegations, including that Boesky did not reveal his illegal
insider trading activities.
    Guinness is charging it was induced to join in the Boesky
partnership through a prospectus that contained "material untrue
statements and omissions."
    The suit also alleged that the Boesky Corporation, which
became a part in the formation of the investment partnership,
Ivan F. Boesky and Co., L.P., "had achieved its extraordinary
rates of return as a result of trading on inside information
and other violations of the securities laws."
    In addition, the suit charged that Boesky and other
defendants unlawfully "schemed with and provided substantial
assistance to one another to evade the registration provisions"
of securities law.
 Reuter

Vermont Financial Services
Corp said its board approved a regular 20 cts per share cash
dividend payable April 25 to shareholders of record March 26.
 Reuter

The National Association of Securities
Dealers, which will launch a search for a new president later
this week, will probably concentrate on candidates with an
extensive background in the financial markets, officials of the
organization said today.
    Gordon Macklin, 58, who has served as president for 17
years, today announced his decision to leave the organization
of 6,658 broker-dealers. Macklin will join Hambrecht and Quist
as chairman and co-chief executive officer.
    Association chairman Joseph Hardiman will appoint a search
committee later this week.
    The committee will have its first meeting as early as next
week. The new president is expected to be someone knowledgable
about the over-the-counter markets and committed to the concept
of self-regulation.
    Macklin joined the association as president in 1970,
leaving a position at McDonald and Co.
    The National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
Quotations System, which currently lists 5200 securities of
4400 companies, was ushered in 10 months after Macklin's
arrival.
 Reuter

The Association of Professional Flight
Attendants announced today that it was seeking a court order
prohibiting any additional actions by AMR Corp's American
Airlines restricting the right of its members to communicate
with the public.
    Patt A. Gibbs, president of the 10,000-member APFA, said
the union took the action following the firing of 17 flight
attendants who had been handing out information brochures at
American's terminals at the Dallas-Fort Worth airport.
    The union has been negotiating for a new contract with the
American Airlines for the past seven months. The union is
seeking abolishment by the airline of a two-tier wage system
for flight attendants.
    Gibbs said at a press conference today that American had
fired seven flight attendants "on the spot" last Sunday, and by
Monday a total of 17 had been fired.
 Reuter

Montomgery Ward and Co, a subsidiary of
Mobil Corp, said it named John Weil as president of its Apparel
Group, replacing Richard Bourret, who has resigned.
    It said Weil has been a consultant to the company since
1986.
 Reuter


******CYCLOPS CORP SAYS CYACQ'S AMENDED OFFER RESTATES ORIGINAL CONDITIONS
Blah blah blah.




******BORG-WARNER SAYS IT DISCUSSED POSSIBLE TAKEOVER WITH IRWIN JACOBS
Blah blah blah.



Apache Corp said it filed with the
Securities Exchange Commission a 100 mln dlr convertible
subordinated debenture offering.
    It said the offering will be underwritten by Smith Barney,
Harris Upham and Co Inc, E.F. Hutton and Co Inc, Morgan Stanley
and Co Inc, Dean Witter Reynolds Inc and Piper, Jaffray and
Hopwood Inc and will provide a security convertible into Apache
at any time prior to maturity in the year 2012 unless redeemed
earlier by the company.
    In connection with the offering, Apache said preliminary
results for the first two months of 1987 reflected a loss of
about 600,000 dlrs, or three cts a share, on consolidated
revenues of 33 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr loss 98 cts vs loss 1.11 dlrs
    Net loss 3,863,000 vs loss 3,483,000
    Revs 1,081,000 vs 799,000
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter

Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter

 said it will
cut its capital spending by 36.4 pct to 105 billion yen in the
year starting April 1 from a year earlier due to the
postponement of furnace improvements.
    &lt;Nisshin Steel Co Ltd> said it will spend 10.7 billion yen
in 1987/88 for rationalisation and facility improvements, down
from 32.1 billion a year earlier, after completion of large
construction projects in 1986/87.
    But capital spending by Nippon Kokan K.K. &lt;NKKT.TOK> to
improve and increase its production facilities will rise to
94.90 billion yen from 64 billion, the company said.
 REUTER

The Ferruzzi Group's holding company
Agricola Finanziara SpA will pay 630 mln dlrs for the European
corn wet milling business of CPC International Inc under the
agreement reached in principle between the two companies, a
statement by Ferruzzi released by its Brussels office said.
    When CPC announced the agreement yesterday in New York, it
said only that the price would be in excess of 600 mln dlrs.
    Ferruzzi said the deal is subject to agreement on several
clauses of the contract and needs government authorisations.
    It said the deal would involve 13 starch factories
employing about 5,000 people in eight European Community
countries plus facilities and commercial operations in other EC
states.
    The factories have a capacity to produce the equivalent of
1.6 mln tonnes of starch in starch and by-products a year, or
about one third of EC production, from about 2.7 mln tonnes of
cereals.
    Ferruzzi said the acquisition of these assets would extend
its presence in the European agro-industrial industry both
geographically and in terms of products.
    It said it is already the principal EC producer of sugar
and of soya oil and cake, and the major cereal trader.
    It noted that EC output of isoglucose is subject to maximum
quotas, of which CPC currently holds a 25 pct share, and said
it foresaw an increase in other industrial uses of starch in
the future, notably in the production of ethanol for fuel.
    Raul Gardini, president of the Ferruzzi Group, said the
present management of the CPC milling business will be asked to
remain in their posts.
 REUTER


******Japan Trade Ministry asks trade houses, exporters to reduce dlr sales, sources
Blah blah blah.




said net profit of its U.S. Operating company, BASF Corp, rose
last calendar year to 105 mln dlrs from 39 mln in 1985.
    Turnover rose by by more than one billion dlrs to 3.6
billion, the parent company said in a statement. The rise,
however, partly reflected the inclusion of the first full
business year of three acquisitions made in 1985. Excluding
these, BASF Corp turnover rose four pct from 1985.
    Acquisitions were the high-performance connecting materials
operations of Celanese Corp, Inmont Corp bought from United
Technologies and American Enka bought from AKZO NV &lt;AKZO.AS>.
    BASF said it expected a U.S. Investment of 240 mln dlrs in
1987, part of a five-year programme totalling one billion.
    U.S. Projects completed in 1986 included the second acrylic
acid plant in Freeport, Texas, a technical centre in
Southfield, Michigan, in which paint lines from automotive
plants can be refitted, and the new agricultural research
centre in Research Triangle Park in Durham, North Carolina.
    BASF said that work this year had begun in Geismar,
Louisiana, on plants for production of special amines and
polytetrahydrofuran, as well as for expansion of capacity for
producing tetrahydrofuran.
 REUTER

 said it will
undertake a full feasibility study of Western Australia's Big
Bell gold prospect.
    Results of an economic evaluation of the find, in which
Placer has an option with &lt;Australian Consolidated Minerals
Ltd> (ACM) to earn a 50 pct interest, were encouraging enough
to warrant a full study, Placer said in a statement.
    Big Bell, in the Murchison goldfield 540 km north east of
Perth, was founded in 1904. Between 1937 and 1955 it yielded
22.8 tonnes of gold and 7.8 tonnes of silver while milling
about 30,000 tonnes of ore a month.
    Placer has said the prospect has an estimated 14 mln tonnes
of ore with a three-gram-per-tonne concentration accessible by
open-pit mining and a further 4.5 mln tonnes with a
4.4-gram-a-tonne concentration between 300 and 600 meters
underground.
    It said it was obliged to produce the feasibility study no
later than December 31 this year by which time it would have
spent three mln dlrs on Big Bell.
    If the results are positive and a commitment to develop
made then construction would take about 12 months, Placer said.
 REUTER

The West German Cabinet approved a plan to
mint a special 10-mark coin commemorating the 30th anniversary
of the European Community this year.
    The silver-copper alloy coin will be minted in an edition
of 8.35 mln, a Finance Ministry statement said.
 REUTER

Talks between Cargill U.K. Ltd's
management and unions, aimed at ending the prolonged strike at
its Seaforth oilseed processing plant, will resume this
afternoon, a company spokesman said.
    Yesterday's session failed to reach a compromise but some
progress was made, he said.
 REUTER

Fried. Krupp GmbH said its
Krupp Industrietechnik GmbH subsidiary has won a 130 mln marks
joint order with Samsung Shipbuilding and Heavy Industries Co.
Ltd of Seoul for a steel works in Pohang, South Korea.
    It said the order, awarded by the Pohang Iron and Steel Co.
Ltd, involves a works due to go on stream in 1989 producing
250,000 tonnes of non-corrosive quality steels annually.
    The consortium partners will supply the plant, supervise
its construction and advise on product processing, with Krupp
providing a 100-tonne capacity arc furnace and a converter for
steel refining.
    The West German company will supply ladles, vehicles,
electrical and exhaust cooling apparatus and dust filters. It
will also fit out the plant's laboratory.
    Among other things Krupp said it will provide know-how for
all production phases and train the Korean workforce.
    It said Samsung will take care of the Korean part of the
engineering and electrical work, the water treatment and other
mechanical equipment, according to Krupp basic engineering.
    Extruded ingots from the plant will be converted to sheet
in an existing hot rolling mill. The sheet will be processed in
facilities which are to be erected, Krupp said.
 REUTER

Papua New Guinea
(PNG) provides the most exciting new prospect in the
Asia-Pacific region for oil production, energy analyst Fereidun
Fesharaki said here.
    The recent successful find at Iagifu is likely to put PNG
on the list of major oil exporters by the early 1990s, he told
the Australian Petroleum Exploration Association annual
conference.
    Fesharaki, leader of the Energy Program at the East-West
Center in Honolulu, Hawaii, was speaking on the Asia-Pacific
petroleum outlook.
    With domestic demand of around 12,000 barrels per day (bpd)
and prospects of production of over 100,000 bpd by late 1991,
PNG would become an Ecuador-level crude exporter, Fesharaki
said.
    The Iagifu wells in the Papuan Basin have recorded the best
oil flows in more than 60 years of exploration in PNG.
    The PNG government's Geological Survey in a paper
distributed at the conference estimates Iagifu reserves at
about 500 mln barrels.
    PNG enjoys the most liberal tax regime in the region with
no secondary taxes, Fesharaki said.
    "We expect a much larger oil search in Papua New Guinea, and
discovery of much larger volumes of oil, similar in quality to
(light) Bass Strait crude," Fesharaki said.
    There are also large pockets of high quality condensates to
be produced, notably in the Juha field near Iagifu which is
capable of producing 30,000 to 40,000 bpd, he said.
    But prices should be somewhat higher than the present
levels to justify development of the Juha field, he said.
    The PNG Geological Survey paper noted there are five large
prospective but little-explored sedimentary basins in PNG.
 REUTER

Qtly div 26 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: One Valley Bancorp of West Virginia Inc.
 Reuter

Shr 31 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 3,516,000 vs 2,972,000
    Revs 40.0 mln vs 36.3 mln
    Avg shrs 11.4 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 10.0 mln vs 8,146,000
    Revs 116.8 mln vs 105.0 mln
    Avg shrs 11.3 mln vs 11.1 mln
 Reuter

, (BIL),
said its offer of 4.20 N.Z. Dlrs per share for supermarket
group &lt;Progressive Enterprises Ltd> still stands, although
&lt;Rainbow Corp Ltd> said today it has 52 pct of Progressive.
    BIL said in a statement it will review events on a daily
basis.
    Rainbow announced earlier that it had increased its stake
in Progressive to 52 pct from 44 pct through the purchase of
9.4 mln shares at between 3.80 and 4.80 N.Z. Dlrs per share.
    BIL chief executive Paul Collins said: "All Rainbow has done
is to outlay a substantial amount of cash to purchase shares
from parties who presumably were supportive of the merger."
    Rainbow has proposed a merger with Progressive to form a
new company, &lt;Astral Pacific Corp Ltd>. Under the merger,
shareholders in both Progressive and Rainbow will be issued
shares in the new company on a one-for-one basis.
    "Quite simply, Rainbow should now bid for the balance of
Progressive Enterprises at 4.80 N.Z. Dlrs per share," Collins
said.
 Reuter

Norway has offered 10 new offshore blocks
to foreign and domestic applicants in the first phase of the
country's eleventh concession round, government officials said.
    Company shares in each of the licences proposed by the Oil
and Energy Ministry are not final. The ministry has given the
companies 10 days to accept or decline the proposed shares.
    French companies Ste Nationale Elf Aquitaine &lt;ELFP.PA> and
Total Cie Francaise des Petroles &lt;TPN.PA>, which were expected
to receive operatorships following France's agreement last
autumn to purchase gas from Norway's Troll field, were not
offered operatorships in this round, industry sources said.
    Three eleventh round blocks were awarded in the
Haltenbanken exploration tract off central Norway, including
the Smoerbukk West field where Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap A/S
&lt;STAT.OL> (Statoil) was appointed operator.
    Statoil will share the licence with subsidiaries of U.S.
Oil companies Tenneco Inc &lt;TGT.N> and Texas Eastern Corp
&lt;TET.N> and the Italian oil company &lt;Agip SpA>'s Norwegian
subsidiary.
    E.I. Du Pont de Nemours &lt;DD.N> subsidiary Conoco Norway Inc
was named operator on Haltenbanken block 6406/8 and will share
the licence with Statoil.
    Norsk Hydro A/S &lt;NHY.OL> will operate nearby block 6407/10
with partners Statoil, Norsk Agip A/S, Royal Dutch/Shell
Group's &lt;RD.AS> A/S Norske Shell and &lt;Deminex> unit Deminex
(Norge) A/S.
    Statoil has been offered the operatorship on a new block in
the relatively unexplored Moere South exploration area south of
Haltenbanken, with A/S Norske Shell, Texas Eastern and
&lt;Petroleo Brasileiro SA> (Petrobras) also offered stakes in the
block.
    Norwegian companies landed operatorships on all six blocks
opened in the Barents Sea area off northern Norway. The blocks
were awarded in three licenses, each covering two blocks.
    Statoil will head exploration on blocks 7224/7 and 7224/8,
sharing the licence with Exxon Corp's &lt;XON.N> Norwegian
subsidiary Esso Norge A/S, The British Petroleum Co PLC's
&lt;BP.L> BP Petroleum Development (Norway) Ltd, Shell, Norsk
Hydro and Saga Petroleum A/S &lt;SAGP.OL>.
    Blocks 7219/9 and 7220/7 were awarded to Norsk Hydro, the
operator, Statoil, Mobil Corp's &lt;MOB.N> Mobil Exploration
Norway, Petrofina SA's &lt;PETB.BR> Norske Fina A/S and BP.
    The third Barents Sea licence, covering blocks 7124/3 and
7125/1, went to Saga Petroleum A/S, the operator, Statoil,
Atlantic Richfield Co's &lt;ARC.N> Arco Norge A/S, Total Marine
Norge A/S and Amerada Hess Corp &lt;AHC.N>.
    The oil ministry withheld awards on four strategic blocks
included in the eleventh round's second phase.
    The ministry is accepting applications for phase two blocks
until early April and the awards will likely be announced this
summer, officials said.
 REUTER

Shr profit 1.17 dlrs vs loss 12 cts
    Net profit 11.3 mln vs loss 1,038,000
    Revs 104.6 mln vs 128.7 mln
    NOTE: Current year net includes gain 9,500,000 dlrs from
the sale of its specialty restaurants unit, charge 1,200,000
dlrs from addition to insurance reserves, 4,600,000 dlr tax
credit and 660,000 dlr charge from debt repayment.
 Reuter

Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April Eight
 Reuter

Feb 28 end
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,122,000
    Sales 36.7 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,517,000 vs 8,441,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in August
1986.
 Reuter

Commonwealth Realty Trust said
preliminary merger talks with Bay Financial Corp have been
terminated due to a failure to agree on terms.
 Reuter

 said it
had agreed in principle to buy &lt;I P Sharp Associates Ltd> of
Toronto for 30.4 mln stg.
    Sharp is a time-sharing network and database company
specialising in finance, economics, energy and aviation. It
operates a global packet-switching network and global limits
systems for foreign exchange trading.
    Sharp shareholders will be offered cash, shares or a
mixture of the two in settlement. The acquisition, which is
subject to Canadian government approval, would be through
amalgamation into a specially-created company.
    Reuters said it had been given options by a number of Sharp
shareholders covering 67 pct of the common stock pending
completion of a Reuters review of the company.
    Sharp operates 38 offices in 20 countries. In 1986 it
reported revenue of 55 mln Canadian dlrs with a pretax loss of
1.6 mln compared with a 1.9 mln profit in 1985.
    However, Sharp said that internal accounts showed the
company was in profit in the first two months of 1987.
    End-1986 net assets totalled 11.85 mln dlrs.
    A Reuters statement said the acquisition would fit
perfectly into its package for the banking and securities
industries.
 Reuter

&lt;Consolidated Norex Resources
Ltd> said it agreed to acquire all issued and outstanding
shares of Triweb Resources Ltd, a privately held oil and gas
company with land holdings and production base in Alberta and
Saskatchewan.
    The company said specific details relating to purchase
price and other terms will be released on closing of the
transaction, expected by May 15.
 Reuter

1st qtr Feb 28 end
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,122,000
    Sales 39.7 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,517,000 vs 8,441,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in August
1986.
    Company corrects current year sales.
 Reuter

Shr 33 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,266,000 vs 849,000
    Revs 24.1 mln vs 16.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr 61 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 4,236,000 vs 1,619,000
    Revs 47.4 mln vs 33.5 mln
    NOTE: Share after stock splits.
    Net includes discontinued operations loss four cts shr vs
nil in quarter and loss seven cts vs gain one ct in half.
 Reuter

 said it would exercise its
right to acquire &lt;Trimac Ltd>'s stake in their jointly owned
Tricil Ltd for 91 mln dlrs, with closing expected May 22.
    C-I-L added that the final price could be less, however,
depending on an Ontario court ruling resulting from a
previously reported legal action launched by C-I-L.
    Mississauga, Ontario-based Tricil is a waste management
company with operations in the U.S. and Canada.
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve will purchase
approximately one billion dlrs of U.S. Treasury bills for a
customer after the Treasury's auction of four-year notes, a Fed
spokesman said.
    The spokesman said the Fed intends to purchase bills
maturing in up to six months.
    Dealers said Federal funds were trading at 6-3/16 pct when
the Fed announced the operation. Many had expected to Fed to
buy bills for itself, thereby adding permanent reserves to the
banking system. Since it did not do so today, this Fed move is
likely tomorrow.
 Reuter

Continental Health
Affiliates Inc said it repurchased about 30 pct of its June
1985 Swiss franc convertible bond offering at prices below par.
    The company said it continues to hedge the balance and seek
opportunities to repurchase below par an increasing percentage
of the bond issue.
    Continental said it operates and has under development
1,943 nursing home beds and 404 residential health care beds.
It said that by sustaining its growth momentum, these numbers
could more than double by the end of the year.
 Reuter

NMS Pharmaceuticals Inc
said it has launched a new over-the-counter urinary blood test
that will be sold through drugstores soon.
    The test, called EZ Detect Urinary Blood Test, detects
minute amounts of blood in the urine that cannot be detected by
the naked eye.
    It has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
 Reuter


******MIAMI-Brazil and bank advisory committee agree to 60-day extension on credit lines
Blah blah blah.



A strong performance by its retail
businesses and affiliates will enable Jardine Matheson Holdings
Ltd &lt;JARD.HKG> to report on Friday a big leap in net profit in
1986, stock analysts said.
    They told Reuters they expect the firm to show earnings of
between 420 mln and 450 mln H.K. Dlrs last year against 157 mln
in 1985.
    The analysts also said they expect Jardine Matheson to pay
a total dividend of 15 to 20 cents a share against 10 cents a
share in 1985.
    James Capel (Far East) Ltd estimates Jardine Matheson's
1986 profits at 450 mln dlrs and attributes most of the income
to retail sales.
    Analysts said the group's 7-Eleven retail stores and its
franchises, among them Canon cameras, Christian Dior luxury
goods and Mercedes Benz cars, produced a strong cash flow.
    Alan Hargreaves of Hoare Govett Asia Ltd also put Jardine
Matheson's 1986 net profits at 450 mln dlrs and said he
estimates pre-tax earnings from retail operations at about 465
mln dlrs against 339 mln in 1985.
    But Hargreaves said Jardine Matheson's earnings from its 35
pct stake in Hong Kong Land Co Ltd &lt;HKLD.HKG> will fall to
about 230 mln dlrs from 281 mln dlrs in 1985.
    The reduced contribution reflects the spin-off from Hong
Kong Land of &lt;Dairy Farm International Ltd> last September.
    Jardine gained a direct holding of 35 pct of Dairy Farm as
a result of the spin-off. Analysts said Jardine will book
revenues from its Dairy Farm stake for the final months of the
year as part of its retail business, which will increase its
overall retail income figures.
    Analysts said Jardine Matheson will also enjoy sharply
increased revenues from financial services, mainly its 50 pct
share of &lt;Jardine Fleming Holdings Ltd>.
    Jardine Fleming yesterday reported record profits for 1986
of 209.5 mln dlrs against 104.7 mln in 1985.
    Analysts said Jardine Matheson made net interest payments
of about 200 mln dlrs last year, slightly below the 213 mln
dlrs of 1985, while the company's term debt remained at about
the 1985 level of 2.7 billion dlrs.
    But Jardine was also subject to increased taxes of 340 mln
dlrs last year against 292 mln in 1985, they said.
    Jardine Matheson is undergoing a series of reorganisations
that will in effect turn it into a holding company for its
diverse interests.
    It previously announced a plan to sell its stakes in both
Hong Kong Land and Dairy Farm to newly created &lt;Jardine
Strategic Holdings Ltd> in which it has a 41 pct interest.
    A company statement issued last month said the firm will
use the proceeds to repay all debt, leaving it with an
additional 500 mln dlrs in cash on hand.
    Though Jardine Matheson will be deprived of a direct stake
in the high-yield Hong Kong Land and Dairy Farm units, it is
likely to develop its own business, analysts said.
    "The future of the stock will depend on the firm's ability
to creatively structure some new acquisitions," said Hargreaves
of Hoare Govett.
    He noted the firm has suggested financial services as a key
sector, and he said it may add some insurance firms to its
existing business.
 REUTER

Deutsche Babcock AG
&lt;DBCG.F> said its wholly-owned Borsig GmbH subsidiary has won a
78 mln mark order to build a conventional power station block
for Venezuela's state-owned electricity company CADAFE.
    It said the installation, which can be powered by oil or
gas, should go on stream at the end of 1988.
 REUTER

Shr net basis 24.8p vs 24.5p
    Shr nil basis 22.7p vs 20.9p
    Div 5p making 7.6p vs 6.5p
    Pretax profit 57.78 mln stg vs 50.61 mln
    Net after tax 37.47 mln vs 36.49 mln
    Outside shareholders interests 1.75 mln vs 1.32 mln
    Extraordinary debit 370,000 vs 1.93 mln
    Turnover 533.59 mln vs 555.81 mln
    Profit breakdown by activity -
    Electrical equipment 28.59 mln stg vs 27.60 mln
    Engineering 10.75 mln vs 11.13 mln
    Industrial services 18.78 mln vs 16 mln
    Corporate finance 340,000 vs 4.12 mln
    Making total pre-tax profit 57.78 mln vs 50.61 mln.
 REUTER

Singapore's gross domestic product
will grow six pct in the first quarter and five pct in the
second quarter this year, with further growth expected in the
second half, Trade and Industry Minister Lee Hsien Loong told
parliament.
    The figures compared with 3.4 pct contraction and 1.2 pct
growth respectively for the first and second quarters of 1986.
    The estimates were based on a tentative leading indicator
incorporating new business orders, company inventories and
share prices used by his ministry, Lee said, without giving
further details of the new indicator.
    Singapore's economy grew 1.9 pct last year, after shrinking
1.8 pct in 1985. The government has forecast growth rate of
three to four pct for 1987.
 REUTER

 said it would
establish a joint venture with Phillips Petroleum Co. In Europe
to manufacture a high performance engineering thermoplastic.
    Initially, the Swiss chemicals firm will manufacture
polyphenylene sulfide compounds using resins from Phillips.
    The two firms will later set up a joint venture to produce
the polyphenylene resins and compounds, which will be marketed
independently under their respective trademarks. A Ciba-Geigy
spokesman declined to say how much the venture would cost.
    Polyphenylene sulfide is widely used in the electronic,
automotive, and petroleum fields.
 REUTER

Considerable uncertainty surrounds the
outcome of today's EC white sugar tender, traders here said,
noting it remains overshadowed by European operator threats to
move over 800,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention.
    They said that due to the dispute between the Commission
and producers over the issue, it is not clear whether the
Commission will authorise any exports at all or grant licences
on a large tonnage.
    The subsidy is seen being set above 45.00 Ecus per 100
kilos, although traders are reluctant to predict a precise
level after prices fell yesterday.
    Earlier, traders in Paris said they expected the Commission
to award licences for around 50,000 tonnes of white sugar with
a maximum export rebate of 45.75 to 46.0 Ecus.
    Last week, the Commission granted licences to end August on
60,500 tonnes of whites at a maximum rebate of 44.819.
 REUTER

Abu Dhabi's offshore Abu al-Bukhoosh
oilfield in the Gulf, shut since an aerial attack last
November, will reopen when new anti-aircraft defences are
ready, and this could be in the next two months, oil industry
sources said.
    They said the Abu Dhabi government and Compagnie Francaise
des Petroles (Total) &lt;TPN.PA>, whose Total Abu al-Bukhoosh
subsidiary owns 51 pct of the field, have agreed on the
reopening, but that a date has not been definitely fixed.
    Unidentified planes hit the field, 100 miles off Abu Dhabi,
last November 25.
    The raid killed eight workers and destroyed the main living
quarters and a bridge linking a wellhead to the main production
platform.
    Western diplomats in the region say Iran was responsible
but Tehran has blamed its Gulf War enemy Iraq.
    Abu al-Bukhoosh was producing 57,000 barrels per day (bpd)
at the time of the attack, but the sources said it would resume
at a maximum of half that level because of reduced staff and
the fact only four of five wellheads were now operable.
    The sources said only 80 personnel can be housed in
remaining accomodations, the sources said.
    Facilities being installed to protect the field include
aircraft detection equipment, anti-aircraft missiles, housing
for military personnel and helicopter landing pads, the sources
said.
    Abu Dhabi is the largest oil producer in the United Arab
Emirates, accounting for about 800,000 bpd of its total 1.15
mln bpd production, the sources said.
    They also said Iran was working to reopen its Sassan field,
part of the same reservoir as Abu al-Bukhoosh and located only
a few miles away. Sassan was heavily damaged by an Iraqi air
raid only 10 days before Abu al-Bukhoosh was attacked.
 REUTER

 said it has
lifted its stake in supermarket group &lt;Progressive Enterprises
Ltd> to 52 pct from 44 pct.
    It said in a statement it has bought an extra 9.4 mln
shares at prices ranging from 3.80 N.Z. Dlrs to 4.80.
    Progressive is currently the subject of both a proposed
merger with Rainbow and a full takeover bid from &lt;Brierley
Investments Ltd> (BIL). The BIL bid, launched on Monday, is at
4.20 dlrs a share. The Rainbow merger involves shareholders in
both Rainbow and Progressive being issued shares in a new
company, &lt;Astral Pacific Corp Ltd>, on a one-for-one basis.
    Rainbow chief executive Craig Heatley said, "In our opinion
BIL's actions over the last few days have been undertaken for
their own strategic purposes which conflict with the desire of
both companies to merge their interests."
    BIL has said it is against the merger because it sees
Progressive shares as being worth twice as as much as
Rainbow's.
    Progressive traded today at 4.42, Rainbow at 3.66 and BIL
at 4.30 at the end of morning trading on the New Zealand Stock
Exchange.
 REUTER

Walt Disney Co said it will
open its first non-tourist retail operation on March 28 at the
Galleria shopping mall in Glendale, Calif.
    The company said the 2,400 square foot store will test
consumer response to a retail outlet featuring all Disney
character merchandise.
 Reuter

Citibank NA is issuing up to 50,000
currency warrants that give the holder a call right on U.S.
Dollars from marks or yen, Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd said as
sole manager.
    Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs for either 182.50
marks or 149.50 yen between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989.
    The warrants will be listed in Luxembourg and pay date is
March 31. Exercise, requiring one day's notice, must be for a
minimum of 100 warrants through one currency only.
 REUTER

 said it acquired
Universal Adhesives Inc, of Memphis, for undisclosed terms, in
a move to expand Timminco's operations into the United States.
    The company said Universal Adhesives, with five U.S.
plants, has annual sales of 12 mln U.S. dlrs, which will double
Timminco's presence in the North American adhesives market.
    Timminco said Universal Adhesives will complement the
company's Canadian-based industrial adhesives division and is a
key step in its long-term goal for expansion in the specialty
chemical field.
 Reuter

West German gross green coffee imports
in January fell sharply to 38,616 tonnes from 54,576 in January
last year, figures from the Federal Statistics Office show.
    Imports of decaffeinated unroasted coffee were 396 tonnes
against nil a year earlier.
 Reuter

Mthly div 8.5 cts vs 9.2 cts in prior month
    Payable April six
    Record Marcxh 30
 Reuter

British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
denied in an interview published in Saudi Arabia today that her
government's oil policy contributed to weakness in world oil
prices.
    She said the government was determined not to intervene to
influence production decisions by oil companies operating in
the North Sea.
    "We believe these must be a matter for the commercial
judgment of the oil companies," she told the Arabic language
daily al-Sharq al-Awsat in an interview coinciding with a visit
to London by King Fahd of Saudi Arabia.
    Thatcher said this policy had not contributed to the fall
in oil prices as North Sea production was now about the same as
in 1984 when prices were close to 30 dlrs a barrel.
    British production was on a plateau and was unlikely to
increase in the future, she said.
    "We naturally share the concern of Saudi Arabia and other
OPEC members about the harmful effects of oil market volatility
for both producer and consumer countries," Thatcher said.
    "On our part, we are careful to avoid any actions which
might add to such volatility."
 REUTER

Keihin Electric Express Railway Co Ltd
is issuing a 150 mln dlr eurobond with equity warrants due
April 22, 1992 with an indicated coupon of 2-3/8 pct and priced
at par, lead manager Yamaichi International (Europe) Ltd said.
    The non-callable bonds are guaranteed by Fuji Bank Ltd.
    Pricing will take place on April 1 and the exercise period
is between May 18, 1987 and April 15, 1992. The indicated
premium is 2-1/2 pct.
    Total fees of 2-1/4 pct comprise 1-1/2 pct for selling and
3/4 pct for management and underwriting. The bonds will be
issued in 5,000 dlr denominations and listed in Luxembourg.
 REUTER

Oper shr seven cts vs loss nil
    Oper net 988,000 vs loss 52,000
    Revs 2,267,000 vs 791,000
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from discontinued operations of
65,000 dlrs vs 75,000 dlrs.
    Current year net includes gain 1,025,000 dlrs from sale of
cellular telephone investment.
    Prior year figures restated for discontinued operations.
 Reuter

Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Turkey bought an estimated 100,000
tonnes of white sugar from three trade houses today for April
to June shipment, according to trade sources.
    They said a large U.K. trade house sold 50,000 tonnes, a
U.S. house traded 25,000 tonnes, and a Swiss-based dealer house
25,000 tonnes.
    Price details were unclear but reports this morning
suggested that Turkey was offered sugar at prices ranging down
to 212 dlrs a tonne, c and f basis.
 Reuter

TCBY Enterprises Inc said its
board has approved a three-for-two split of its common stock
with a distribution to be made on April 24 to stockholders of
record on April 9.
    The split will increase the number of outstanding shares to
over 26 mln from about 17.3 mln shares now, the company said.
    TCBY Enetrprises is a franchisor and operator of retail
stores specializing in frozen yogurt-related treats.
 Reuter

First Interstate Bancorp is offering
200 mln dlrs of subordinated capital notes due 1999 with an
8-5/8 pct coupon and par pricing, said lead manager Goldman,
Sachs and Co.
    That is 140 basis points more than the yield of comparable
Treasury securities.
    Non-callable to maturity, the issue is rated A-1 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc and A-plus by Standard and Poor's Corp.
First Boston, Salomon Brothers and Shearson Lehman co-managed
the deal.
 Reuter

AFG Industries Inc said it is
entering the automobile replacement glass market with the
acquisition of A-1 Quality Glass, of Salt Lake City, and Tempo
Auto Glass, of Tacoma, Wash.
    Terms of the acquisitions were not disclosed.
    AFG also said that if the offer it has made as part of a
partnership with Wagner and Brown to acquire GenCorp Inc &lt;GY>
is successful, it will consider establishing autoglass stores
in GenCorp's retail tire outlets.
    AFG said that in addition to the two acquisitions, it has
been operating eight stores through its American Slat Glass
distribution group.
    It said a a newly formed subsidiary, AFG Auto Glass Inc,
will be looking for additional acquisitions as well as opening
new outlets.
    A-1 Quality Glass operates a central wholesale autoglass
distribution center and 23 stores in Utah, Arizona, and other
western states. Tempo operates four stores in the Pacific
northwest region.
 Reuter

Moody's Investor Service Inc said it
upgraded Grolier Inc's nearly 116 mln dlrs of debt.
    Raised were the company's senior debentures raised to Ba-3
from B-3 and convertible subordinated debentures to B-2 from
B-3.
    The rating agency cited an improvement in profitabiliy of
Grolier's primary publishing businesses. Moody's said the
company has lowered its financial leverage as well as its
dependence on the retail sale of encyclopedias.
    Grolier has also reduced its exposure to developing
countries, Moody's noted.
 Reuter


******TODD SHIPYARDS CORP OMITS QTLY COMMON DIV, SETS PREFERRED PAYOUT
Blah blah blah.



Golden North
Resource Corp said said surface and underground drilling on the
Canty project and Mascot fraction at its Nickel Plate Mountain
property in British Columbia returned encouraging gold assays.
    It said one Canty hole encountered several mineralized
intervals including 11 feet grading 0.342 ounce gold a short
ton from 86 to 97 feet and 17 feet grading 0.756 ounce gold ton
from 170.5 feet to 187.5 feet.
    A Mascot fraction hole returned assays including 0.190
ounce gold ton over seven feet between 57 and 64 feet, it said.
 Reuter


****** BRUSSELS - Ferruzzi says it will pay 630 mln dlrs to CPC International for European mills.
Blah blah blah.



Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said that current exchange rates are almost within the levels
agreed to by six major nations last month in Paris.
    Asked whether a dollar/yen rate of 148 or 149 reflected
economic fundamentals, he said current rates almost reflect
fundamentals.
    Sumita told reporters major nations have cooperated to
bring about currency stability in line with the Paris
agreement, which stipulated that they would closely cooperate
to that end. He repeated the central bank will intervene if
necessary, adding he did not think a dollar free-fall was
likely.
    But Sumita said he could not say exactly what currency
levels would be considered in line with underlying economic
fundamentals.
    In Paris on February 22, Britain, Canada, France, Japan,
the U.S. And West Germany agreed to cooperate to hold
currencies around their then current levels.
    Sumita said he could not find any specific reasons behind
the fall of the dollar to a record low against the yen
yesterday. But he said the market rushed to sell dollars as it
nervously reacted to statements abroad and to developments
surrounding trade tensions.
    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said over the weekend
that the Paris pact did not encompass fixed tragets for the
dollar. U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter called
U.S/Japan relations on certain key trade issues very strained.
    The market reacted nervously because the dollar has been
moving narrowly against the yen since mid-January, Sumita said.
He added he does not expect the yen/dollar exchange rate to
remain unstable because the market is concerned about a sharp
rise of the yen.
    The Bank of Japan will keep a close watch on exchange rates
in line with the Paris accord, he added.
 REUTER

 and its
50.25 pct unit Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> are still
undecided whether they would participate in the proposed new
airport for Hong Kong, chairman of both Michael Miles said.
    "We don't want to jump the fence prematurely. We want to
know the government's position first," he told a press
conference. "The new airport is still a long way away. But if it
does go ahead we will be involved." He declined to elaborate but
noted that no other company has more at stake in a Hong Kong
airport than the Swire group, which controls &lt;Hongkong Aircraft
Engineering Co Ltd>.
    The idea for a second airport has been proposed for more
than a decade but in 1982 the government shelved the plan for
being too expensive. Early this year a consortium led by
&lt;Hopewell Holdings Co Ltd> presented the government with a 25
billion H.K. Dlr scheme of infrastructure development including
an airport, a deep water port and highways to China.
    Hopewell said it will take a 20 pct stake in the project
while Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HKG> and Hutchison
Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HKG> will take a combined 20 pct. Earlier
today Hopewell said &lt;Jardine Matheson and Co Ltd> will take a
five pct interest in the project.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan intervened to stem
strong yen rises against the dollar during London trading this
morning, dealers said.
    The Bank of Japan here declined comment.
    The Bank of England was also rumored to be buying dollars
against the yen this morning but it also declined comment.
    Dealers said the intervention halted a sudden late morning
drop to a low of 148.65 yen, holding the dollar steady until
midsession at about 148.80.
    The Bank of England was strongly rumored to have intervened
on behalf of the dollar against the yen yesterday, but it gave
no confirmation.
    Overnight reports from Tokyo said that the Bank of Japan
was aggressively supporting the dollar, but failed to push it
back to the perceived target level of 150 yen.
    Selling during the London trading morning was largely
attributed to Japanese institutions.
    Dealers here were loath to quantify the scale of Bank of
Japan action this morning. One U.S. Bank trader said it could
have been up to 500 mln dlrs, but said this was largely a
guess.
 REUTER

Olson Industries Inc said
it is in final negotiations on the sale of its remaining egg
operations and expects the sale to generate a charge of about
two mln dlrs against 1987 net income.
    The company said, however, that the sale will generate
substantial cash flow to pay off bank debt and improve working
capital, eliminate unmanageable effects on profits of the price
instability of the egg business and allow it to concentrate on
its plastics packaging business.
 Reuter

Metro Cable Corp said it has
entered into a letter of intent for the sale of limited
partnership Intermountain Cable Associates for about 3,250,000
dlrs.
    Metro and DMN Cable Investors are co-general partners for
Intermountain.  The name of the buyer was not disclosed.
    Metro said it has also transfered its northwest Iowa and
eastern Colorado cablevision systems into a new wholly-owned
subsidiary called MCC Cablevision. 
    Metro said the new unit received 2,700,000 dlrs in
financing from Bank of Boston Corp &lt;BKB> which was used to
retire Metro Cable's outstanding debt to &lt;National Bank of
Canada> and for working capital.
 Reuter

Rexnord Inc said it will
reduce to 50 from 112 its corporate staff at its headquarters
here by the end of May, 1987.
    The staff reductions are part of the company's announced
restructuring program and planned acquisition by Banner
Industries Inc &lt;BNR>.
    Affected Rexnord employees will receive severance pay based
on length of service, job placement counseling, it said.
   Banner completed a tender offer for Rexnord common shares in
late February. The companies are expected to combine within
about two months, Rexnord said.
 Reuter

Intel Overseas Corp, a unit of Intel
Corp, is raising 110 mln dlrs through an offering of notes due
1997 yielding 8.18 pct, said lead manager Shearson Lehman
Brothers Inc.
    The notes have an 8-1/8 pct and were priced at 99.63 to
yield 93 basis points more than comparable Treasury securities.
    Non-callable for seven years, the issue is rated A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and A by Standard and Poor's
Corp. Salomon Brothers and L.F. Rothschild co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

About half of Brazil's 40,000 seamen
have returned to work after accords with 22 companies, and the
national strike which began on February 27 looks close to
ending, a union spokesman said.
    The spokesman, speaking from strike headquarters in Rio de
Janeiro, estimated that 80 ships were strike-bound.
    The seamen have settled for 120 pct pay increases with the
individual companies but are still discussing the issue of
overtime payments with the shipowners' association, Syndarma.
 REUTER

 said it will
concentrate most of its efforts this year on its proven oil and
gas reserves in order to maximise benefits to shareholders in
the mid to long-term.
    It said in a statement "We are confident that substantial
development funds will be available to Tricentrol and that we
will be able to minimise further disposal of our interests."
    Tricentrol wrote off 57.5 mln stg on the reorganisation of
its North American operations last year, when oil prices
plunged. The group incurred a 1986 net loss of 3.7 mln stg
against a 25.4 mln profit the previous year.
 Reuter

 said it signed an
agreement with the Boeing Company &lt;BA.N> to install its RB
211-524 D4D engine on the B767 family of aircraft.
    The engine, currently under development, will be ready for
service by early 1990, the company said in a statement.
    Boeing 747s are also powered with the engine, and its use
in B767 craft too could bring significant operating benefits,
Rolls-Royce said.
 Reuter

International Broadcasting
Corp said shareholders at its annual meeting approved a one for
25 reverse stock split.
    The split will be effective after completion of filing
requirements, it said. New certificates will be needed, it
added.
    The media company said it currently has 40,950,000 common
shares issued and outstanding and, upon completion of the
reverse split, will have 1,638,000 shares outstanding.
 Reuter

Shr loss one ct vs loss one ct
    Net loss 89,844 vs loss 85,731
    Revs 3,384,726 vs 4,646,285
 Reuter

Todd Shipyards Corp said it
omitted payment of the quarterly dividend on its common stock
and lowered the dividend on its series A preferred stock to 75
cts from 77 cts a share.
    Todd said the 75 ct preferred dividend will be paid May one
to shareholders of record April 15.
    The company said it omitted the common dividend to cover
both losses from a commercial ship conversion contract and
increased reserves for previously announced discontinued
shipyard operations.
    In addition, the company said its lenders agreed to
temporarily reduce the net worth requirement of its revolving
credit and term-loan pact to 140 mln dlrs from 130 mln.
    The reduction will hold through May 15, it said.
    Todd said the reduction in the net worth requirement
allowed for the payment of the preferred dividend and prevented
it from violating covenants of its credit agreement.
    The company said it is also negotiating with its lenders to
extend the reduced net worth terms beyond May 15.
    Todd added that it has suffered financially because of the
U.S. Navy's unwillingness to release certain retentions under
completed ship construction contracts and a general decrease in
U.S. military spending.
 Reuter

Shr 22 cts vs 22 cts prior qtr
    Pay June one
    Record May 12
 Reuter

Sri lanka will tender overnight for
52,500 tonnes of U.S., Canadian and/or Australian wheats for
April 8/16 shipment, under the Export Enhancement Program if
U.S. origin, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter

Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Pay July 1
    Record June 12
 Reuter

Shr 16.7 cents vs 29.4
    Final div nil vs same making nil vs same
    Pre-tax profit 21.31 mln dlrs vs 26.42 mln
    Net 10.84 mln vs 19.15 mln
    Turnover 17.17 mln vs 25.94 mln
    Other income 101.99 mln vs 125.18 mln
    Shrs 65.13 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Net is after tax 10.47 mln vs 7.27 mln, interest
2.58 mln vs 9.55 mln, depreciation 5.06 mln vs 7.61 mln and
minorities nil vs same. Other income: 72.39 mln from sale of
investments (103.04 mln 1985), interest 25.75 mln (21.49 mln),
and dividends 1.64 mln (nil). Co is 93.7 pct owned by &lt;Bell
Resources Ltd>.
    Note - All figures in U.S. Dollars as the company is
registered in Bermuda.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan is continuing to
intervene in the Tokyo market, buying small amounts of dollars
to hold the unit above 149 yen, brokers said.
    They said the Bank is coming in when the dollar is around
149.05/10 yen, the same levels as New York's close yesterday
and the midday close in Tokyo today.
    Dealers said the Bank of Japan is intervening in the market
through both banks and brokers this afternoon.
    The central bank is checking selling orders through banks
and placing matching buy orders, they said.
    The central bank started to intervene shortly after the
market opened here in the afternoon, the dealers said.
 REUTER

The Dutch Ministry of Finance plans a
new fixed eight-year state loan at an unchanged 6-1/4 pct.
    The amount and issue price will be set at tender next
Tuesday, March 31. Payment is on May 1 and coupon date is May
1.
    No early redemption will be permitted.
    The issue is the fourth for payment this year.
 REUTER


******BAT Industries 1986 pretax profit 1.39 billion stg vs 1.17 billion
Blah blah blah.



 will seek an
injunction in the U.K. High Court today to freeze the assets of
former Chairman Ernest Saunders in its attempts to recover 5.2
mln stg paid to a Jersey company as part of the company's
takeover battle for &lt;Distillers Co Plc>, a spokesman said.
    He said the court move aimed to freeze Saunders' assets up
to the value of the sum it wanted to recover. It was uncertain
whether the court would reach any decision on the request
today. Guinness said last week it planned to take legal action
to recover the funds, paid to non-executive director Thomas
Ward via the Jersey company.
    Lawyers representing Ward have said he saw the funds as his
reward for services performed during the takeover of
Distillers.
    Guinness is also planning a resolution at the annual
meeting in May to remove both Saunders and Ward from the
company's board.
 REUTER

China must cut excess demand and capital
investment in the face of budget and foreign exchange deficits
but will press ahead with wide-ranging economic reforms in
1987, Premier Zhao Ziyang told parliament.
    Zhao told the annual meeting of the National People's
Congress that while China cooled its overheated economy, cut
its trade deficit and raised national living standards in 1986,
serious imbalances remain.
    Zhao said total social demand exceeds total supply, and
demand for consumer goods, especially from state firms, is too
high. "(They) squander public funds to a serious extent ... (and
issue) excessive wage and bonus increases," he said.
    Failure to cut this excess will "result in reduced
accumulation of funds...And serve to corrupt social morality,"
Zhao said. He said there was a contradiction between low per
capita incomes and excessively high consumer demand.
    China needs to accumulate enormous funds for construction
in its initial stage of socialist modernisation and consumption
must match the available resources, he said.
    Zhao said there was a deficit in state finances in 1986
because of the sharp fall in world oil prices, the rising cost
of foreign exchange earnings through exports, reduced income
from customs duties and unreasonably heavy spending.
    Local authorities, departments and firms have been able to
retain more revenue since economic reforms in 1979. "(They)
unjustifiably developed processing industries and
non-productive construction," Zhao said.
    He said that unless effective measures are taken to curb
this practice, financial and credit deficits are likely to
increase in the next few years.
    Zhao said that if such deficits become excessive and last
too long, they will cause the over-issue of money, which in
turn will cause "disturbing inflation, a precipitous rise in
commodity prices and chaos in economic life."
    Another serious problem is that too many new construction
projects have been launched. Fixed asset investment outside the
state plan is over-extended and the pattern of such investment
is highly irrational, he said.
    Investment in energy, transport, telecommunications and raw
and semi-finished materials industries is inadequate and
investment in non-productive projects is too large, he said.
     Zhao said some departments and local authorities have
failed to take prompt and effective measures to correct this
investment imbalance, despite instructions to do so from the
State Council earlier this year.
     He said China's per capita output of grain and other farm
and sideline products is still very low and production of
grain, forestry, animal husbandry and fisheries rests on a
rather weak foundation.
     China's countryside is still in the development stage and
there is vast potential to be tapped through deep reforms, he
said, but did not elaborate.
    Zhao said the main task for reform in 1987 is to breathe
life into China's large and medium sized state firms, which
still do not have "a satisfactory combination of
responsibilities, powers and benefits."
    "We have yet to create conditions for giving the enterprises
full managerial authority and full responsibility for their own
profits and losses," he said.
    Currently, the firms are not responding rationally to
market changes and doing all the state requires of them, he
said. Their potential is not being fully tapped, he added.
    Zhao said that in 1987, China will speed up the reform of
its financial system, diversify credit services, encourage
competition among different financial institutions and promote
insurance services.
    He said the system of bank interest rates must be reformed,
with differential and floating rates being applied for
different periods of time.
    China must, under proper guidance, develop markets for the
circulation of funds in major cities and exploit the role of
financial markets in pooling and regulating funds, he added.
    Zhao said China must also expand the market for capital
goods such as rolled steel, coal, cement and timber. The lack
of such a market is the main reason why large state firms have
"yet to be fully invigorated," he said.
    He also promised a continuation of the labour contract
system under which all firms hire workers for a fixed period
and pay them according to their own methods, subject only to
state-set ceilings for wages and bonuses.
 REUTER

The U.K. Based commodity house E.D.
And F. Man Ltd and Singapore's Yeo Hiap Seng Ltd jointly
announced that Man will buy a substantial stake in Yeo's 71.1
pct held unit, Yeo Hiap Seng Enterprises Ltd.
    Man will develop the locally listed soft drinks
manufacturer into a securities and commodities brokerage arm
and will rename the firm Man Pacific (Holdings) Ltd.
 REUTER

McFarland Energy Inc
said its board and that of Petrominerals Corp have approved a
definitive agreement for McFarland to acquire Petrominerals in
an exchange of stock.
    McFarland said it would exchange one common share for each
5.4 Petrominerals shares.  McFarland said former holders of
Petrominerals will have a 25 pct interest in the combined
company.
    The merger is still subject to approval by shareholders of
both companies.
 Reuter

 said it will
acquire &lt;Linotype GmbH>, Europe's largest manufacturer of
type-setting and printing communications technology from Allied
Signal Inc &lt;ALD.N> and float off the shares in the company.
    Commerzbank declined to say how much it had paid for
Linotype.
    Linotype's group turnover in 1986 rose 15 pct to more than
500 mln marks, the bank said. The group's net return on capital
was seven pct.
 Reuter

Shr profit one ct vs loss nil
    Net profit 200,052 vs loss 56,782
    Revs 2,394,198 vs 706,393
    Avg shrs 17.8 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs profit one ct
    Net profit 258,125 vs profit 164,553
    Revs 4,225,731 vs 3,027,892
    Avg shrs 17.9 mln vs 19.5 mln
 Reuter

A group led by Dallas investor
Harold Simmons told the Securities and Exchange Commission it
had reduced its stake in McDermott International Inc by one
pct, to under five pct.
    The group had said in a March 10 filing, announcing
acquisition of 5.4 pct of the firm's stock, that it might
consider seeking control of the company.
 Reuter

International Platinum Corp said it
signed a letter of intent to enter into further negotiations on
a joint venture exploration agreement with Degussa A.G., of
West Germany, regarding several North American platinum
properties.
    Conclusion of the agreement is subject to completion of
further detailed examination by Degussa, as well as board and
regulatory approvals.
    Under terms of the letter of intent, Degussa would
contribute substantially to a three year exploration budget of
4.5 mln dlrs in return for a 50 pct interest in the venture.
    Degussa's contribution to the exploration budget will be
based on it matching International Platinum's past exploration
and acquisition costs, estimated at about two mln dlrs, and
then contributing on a pro rata basis, International Platinum
said.
    Degussa's contribution would provide a major portion of
International Platinum's exploration budget, especially during
the first and second year of the proposed joint venture, the
company said.
 Reuter

Shr 23 cts vs not reported
    Net 282,000 vs 1,000
    Sales 18.6 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 48 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 583,000 vs 213,000
    Sales 37.8 mln vs 37.5 mln
   NOTE: 1987 six months net includes a loss from discontinued
operations equal to two cts a share.
    1986 net includes losses from discontinued operations of
four cts in the quarter and six cts in the six months.
 Reuter

 said it agreed
to purchase a seat on the Montreal Stock Exchange for 40,000
dlrs, subject to regulatory and exchange approval.
    The move came two weeks after Toronto Dominion paid 195,000
dlrs for a seat on the Toronto Stock Exchange, which made it
the first bank to apply for membership on a Canadian exchange.
The Toronto and Montreal exchanges are Canada's two biggest
equity markets.
    Proposed Canadian government legislation would allow banks
full participation in the securities business after June 30.
Toronto Dominion has owned a discount brokerage since 1984.
 Reuter

Synalloy Corp said it has
ended talks on the sale of its Blackman Uhler Chemical Division
to Intex Products Inc because agreement could not be reached.
    The company said it does not intend to seek another buyer.
 Reuter

Inflation in the European Community,
which fell to its lowest since the 1960s between November and
January, started to take off again last month, figures from the
EC statistics office Eurostat showed.
    Consumer prices were on average three pct higher than in
February 1986, the office said. This compared with a year on
year rise of 2.7 pct in January, the lowest for 25 years, and
was the highest figure since October.
    Prices rose in February by 0.3 pct from January, after
rises of 0.4 pct in January and of 0.2 pct in each of the last
three months of 1986.
 REUTER

Pantera's Corp said it agreed to
buy ten pizza restaurants in southeastern Colorado from
creditors foreclosing on the facilities.
    The purchase price includes 1.25 mln dlrs in cash and
company stock, it said.
    Separately, Pantera's said it issued an area development
agreement with a franchisee group for northeastern Colorado,
including the Denver area, for the opening of about 20
franchised Pantera's pizza restaurants.
 Reuter

Goldman, Sachs and Co, acting as lead
manager, said it is offering 100 mln dlrs of deposit notes due
1992 that it purchased from Bank of Virginia Co, a unit of
Signet Banking Corp.
    The notes have a 7-1/2 pct coupon and were priced at 99.75
to yield 7.56 pct, or 74 basis points more than comparable
Treasury securities.
    Non-callable to maturity, the issue is rated Aa-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. L.F. Rothschild co-managed the
deal.
 Reuter

Hawkeye Bancorp said it issued
2,690,877 shares of preference stock to its institutional
creditors in payment of 32.3 mln dlrs of restructured debt.
    It said the new shares, which are convertible into common
stock on a share-for-share basis at the option of the holders
at any time, represent in the aggregate 25 pct of the equity of
Hawkeye on a fully diluted basis.
    Hawkeye also said it issued 233,983 shares of common stock
in exchange for 14,766 shares of preferred upon completion of a
previously announced exchange offer to holders of preferred.
    As a result, the company said it has 6,922,949 shares of
common, 155,009 shares of preference stock which are
convertible into 1,149,681 shares ov common and 2,690,877
shares of preference stock convertible into a like number of
common shares.
    Total common stock equivalents are 10,763,507.
 Reuter

India's first intercontinental-range
rocket fell into the Bay of Bengal two minutes after launch
yesterday.
    "Disaster struck the Indian space program today," the Press
Trust of India (PTI) news agency reported of the failure of the
rocket at Sriharikota in south India.
    Earlier, the news agency had reported that 460 seconds
after the blast-off the launch vehicle had placed a 145 kg
satellite payload in a 400 km earth orbit.
 REUTER

Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said that current exchange rates are almost within the levels
agreed to by six major nations last month in Paris.
    Asked whether a dollar/yen rate of 148 or 149 reflected
economic fundamentals, he said current rates almost reflect
fundamentals.
    Sumita told reporters major nations have cooperated to
bring about currency stability in line with the Paris
agreement, which stipulated that they would closely cooperate
to that end. He repeated the central bank will intervene if
necessary, adding he did not think a dollar free-fall was
likely.
    But Sumita said he could not say exactly what currency
levels would be considered in line with underlying economic
fundamentals.
    In Paris on February 22, Britain, Canada, France, Japan,
the U.S. And West Germany agreed to cooperate to hold
currencies around their then current levels.
    Sumita said he could not find any specific reasons behind
the fall of the dollar to a record low against the yen
yesterday. But he said the market rushed to sell dollars as it
nervously reacted to statements abroad and to developments
surrounding trade tensions.
    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said over the weekend
that the Paris pact did not encompass fixed tragets for the
dollar. U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter called
U.S/Japan relations on certain key trade issues very strained.
    The market reacted nervously because the dollar has been
moving narrowly against the yen since mid-January, Sumita said.
He added he does not expect the yen/dollar exchange rate to
remain unstable because the market is concerned about a sharp
rise of the yen.
    The Bank of Japan will keep a close watch on exchange rates
in line with the Paris accord, he added.
 REUTER


******DUTCH STATE LAUNCHES NEW EIGHT YEAR BULLET AT 6-1/4 PCT - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



Consumer prices fell 0.1 pct in
February, after a rise of 0.2 pct in January and no change in
February 1986, the National Statistics Office said.
    The index, base 1980, fell to 154.5 in February from 154.6
in January, against 147.4 in February 1986, giving a
year-on-year increase of 4.8 pct.
 REUTER

The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) has asked about 30 Japanese trading houses and
exporters to refrain from excessive dollar selling, trading
house officials said.
    The officials told Reuters MITI asked them to moderate
their foreign exchange trading because the excessive rise in
the yen will have unfavourable effects on the economy. It made
the request by telephone.
    A MITI official said the ministry has conducted a survey of
foreign exchange trading by trade houses and exporters. But he
said it was not aimed at moderating dollar selling.
    The trading house officials said MITI had asked them to
undertake foreign exchange transactions with due consideration
to the adverse effects excessive exchange rate movements would
have on the economy.
    The MITI official said MITI undertakes such surveys when
exchange rates fluctuate widely. A similiar survey was made
when the currency fell to the previous record low of 149.98 on
January 19. It hit a new record low of 148.20 yen yesterday.
    He said the survey showed currency transactions by trade
houses and exporters contributed little to the dollar fall.
 REUTER

China should tighten imports of ordinary
goods and restrict or even forbid import of goods which can be
made domestically, Premier Zhao Ziyang said.
    He told the National People's Congress, China's parliament,
that the country's foreign exchange is limited and must be used
where it is most needed.
    "We should expand production of import substitutes and
increase their proportion," he said.
    On exports, China should increase its proportion of
manufactured goods, especially textiles, light industrial
goods, electronics and machinery, he said.
    Zhao said China should lower the cost of exports and
control the export of goods that incur too much loss. In 1986
China had a trade deficit of 11.9 billion dlrs, down from a
record 14 billion in 1985.
    Zhao said China should work to provide a more favourable
investment environment for foreign businessmen. It should use
foreign funds for production and construction, with stress on
firms making goods for export or import substitutes.
    China should also earn more foreign exchange from tourists
and contracted labour abroad, he added.
 REUTER

 said it
now owns 93.4 pct of Benequity Holdings a California Limited
Partnership.
    Renouf  said it has accepted for payment all 3,914,968
units of Benequity Holdings tendered in response to its 31 dlrs
per unit offer. Along with the 1,449,550 units already held by
Renouf, it now owns 93.4 pct of the 5,745,706 units outstanding.
 Reuter

Enserch Inc is issuing 100 mln dlrs of
convertible debt due October 4, 2002 carrying an indicated
coupon of six to 6-3/8 pct and priced at par, Salomon Brothers
International said as lead manager.
    Enserch's stock closed at 22-1/2 last night on the New York
Stock Exchange. The conversion premium is indicated to be 20 to
23 pct. The securities are non-callable for three years.
    There is a 1-1/2 pct selling concession and two pct
combined management and underwriting fee.
 REUTER

The Commodity Credit Corporation has
accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale of 760
head of dairy cattle to Egypt, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The delivery period for the cattle is April, 1987-June,
1988, it said.
    The bonus of 1,870.00 dlrs per head was made to Esmah
Nevada Inc and will be paid in the form of commodities from the
CCC inventory.
    An additional 7,199 head of dairy cattle are still
available to Egypt under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative announced September 12, 1986, the department said.
 Reuter

Shr 11 cts vs five cts
    Net 656,000 vs 314,000
    Sales 8,868,000 vs 6,499,000
    Avg shrs 5,823,000 vs 5,705,000
    1st half
    Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,296,000 vs 795,000
    Sales 17.3 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Avg shrs 5,809,000 vs 5,973,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-four split in February
1987.
 Reuter

The New York Stock Exchange said
trading in the units of BenEquity Holdings, a California
Limited Partnership, was suspended before the opening and an
application will be made to the Securities and Exchange
Commission to delist the issue.
    The Exchange said it normally considers suspending and
removing from its list the securities of a company when fewer
than 600,000 units are held by the public.
    As a result of a tender offer by &lt;Renouf Corp
International>, which expired March 24, 1987, fewer than
600,000 units of BenEquity remained publicly held.
   
 Reuter


***NOVAMIN SAYS IT RECEIVED PROPOSED TAKEOVER BID FROM BREAKWATER
Blah blah blah.



A nationwide bank strike launched
yesterday by Brazilian bank workers gained more support today
with the closure of the &lt;Banco do Estado de Sao Paulo>
(Banespa) in Sao Paulo, a union spokesman said.
    The spokesman said about 530,000 of Brazil's 700,000 bank
workers were on strike. He said the chief development since
yesterday was the decision by the city's 20,000 Banespa workers
to come out on strike. Banespa is the Sao Paulo state bank.
    State-controlled &lt;Banco do Brasil SA>, with over 3,000
branches throughout the country, closed down yesterday.
    Bank industry sources say the closure of the Banco do
Brasil will soon force the shutdown of the many private banks
which are not strike-bound.
    The bankworkers are seeking an immediate pay rise of 100
pct and monthly salary adjustments.
    A spokesman for the National Federation of Banks, Adilson
Lorente, said that yesterday only 30 pct of private banks'
branches were strike-bound. He had no estimate of how many
workers were on strike or any information on the percentage of
branches open today.
 REUTER E

Shr loss 1.30 dlrs vs profit 29 cts
    Net loss 33.4 mln vs profit 7,386,000
    Sales 168.2 mln vs 128.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.61 dlrs vs profit 30 cts
    Net loss 41.4 mln vs profit 7,055,000
    Sales 527.5 mln vs 366.7 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net both periods includes 39.4 mln dlr
provision for closing 25 underperforming stores.
 Reuter

The U.S. Senate Agriculture
Committee approved a bill that would establish farm trade and
aid missions to promote the use of U.S. food aid, donation,
credit and export subsidy programs by overseas customers.
    The bill, approved by voice vote, would establish trade
missions made up of representatives of the Departments of
Agriculture and State, the Agency for International
Development, the Overseas Private Investment Corp, market
development cooperatives and private voluntary organizations.
    At least 16 missions would have to be sent within one year
after enactment of the bill. The missions would promote U.S.
programs, including PL480, Section 416 donations, Export
Enhancement Program, the dairy export incentive program, and
export credit guarantee programs (GSM-102, GSM-103).
    The panel agreed to drop a provision in the original bill,
offered by Sen. John Melcher (D-Mont.), that would have
required the U.S. Agriculture Department to donate at least one
mln tonnes of surplus commodities to developing countries.
    Current law requires USDA to donate at least 750,000 tonnes
of surplus grains and dairy products under the Section 416 food
donation program.
    The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the proposed
increase in the minimum tonnage requirement would have cost up
to 50 mln dlrs per year, Senate staff said.
    The committee also dropped a provision identifying which
countries would be the focus of the trade missions' activities.
    Under the bill adopted by the committee, countries "friendly
to the United States" would be eligible to host the trade
missions.
    Melcher originally had proposed sending missions to Mexico,
the Philippines, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Senegal, Nigeria, Peru,
Kenya, the Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Malaysia, Venezuela,
Tunisia and Morocco.
    The bill also would require the Foreign Agricultural
Service, FAS, to have at least 850 full-time employees during
fiscal years 1987-89. As of February 28, FAS had 790 full-time
employees, a FAS spokesman said.
 Reuter

Energy Secretary John Herrington has
proposed several ways to boost U.S. oil production, but he said
all would cost the Treasury money and will come under close
White House scrutiny before action is taken.
    One measure he said he favored would raise the depletion
allowance to 27.5 pct on new oil and gas production as well as
production using enhanced extraction methods.
    Herrington said such a plan would cost 200 mln dlrs a year.
The White House, reacting, said it did not favor amending the
tax code, but would look at the proposal.
    Herrington's proposals to spur production were made along
with the release last week of the energy department's report on
energy and the national security.
    The report said U.S. oil imports, rapidly rising, could hit
50 pct by the mid 1990s and have potentially damaging
implications for national security.
    He has said since in speeches and at news conferences that
any plan he would back to spur lagging domestic oil production
would have to meet three criteria--increase production, not
cause economic dislocation, and be low cost to the taxpayer.
    Herrington said an import fee would meet the first test,
spurring production but fail the second and third.
    He said it would raise production and return 120,000 oil 
workers to their jobs, but at the same time it lifted oil
prices, the higher prices would cost 400,000 jobs nationwide
and cut the gross national product by 32 billion dlrs.
    A tax on gasoline, he said, would fail the first criteria
by not increasing domestic production.
    In any case, U.S. officials say, President Reagan remains
firmly opposed to an import fee and a gasoline tax.
    Options which meet Herrington's criteria include:
    - Loan-price guarantees to shield banks from defaults by
borrowers because of lower oil prices. It was estimated that if
oil fell to five dlrs a barrel it could trigger defaults that
could cost the government an estimated 15 billion dlrs.
    - A five pct tax credit for exploration and development. It
would raise oil and gas production the equivalent of 325,000
barrels a day, at a cost of 740 mln dlrs a year.
    - A five pct credit only for geological and geophysical
expenditures. It would increase production by 80,000 barrels a
day, at a cost of 65 mln dlrs.
    - Lower bid minimums on outer continental shelf acreage to
spur exploration. A drop from the present 150 dlrs per acre for
the typical 5,760 acre tract to 25 dlrs per acre would lower
the cost of the standard tract lease to 144,000 dlrs.
    Herrington also pressed anew for existing Administration
proposals to deregulate natural gas, which he said would cut
the need for imported oil by 300,000 barrels daily.
    He also called again for Congressional approval to explore
off the continental shelf, which may hold more than 12 billion
barrels of oil, and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, which
may hold nine billion barrels.
    Herrington said he understood the Reagan's reluctance to 
amend the newly enacted tax code to fund some of these
proposals, but added he hoped his department's energy/security
study would make a strong case for the need to help the
struggling domestic oil industry.
    Another move Herrington said he will press anew, even
though it had been rejected earlier by the White House, is to
raise the fill-rate for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to
100,000 barrels a day from its planned 1988 rate of 35,000.
    This, he said, would further bolster national security in
case of an oil-supply disruption.
   
 Reuter


******CORRECTED-MIAMI-Brazil, bank committee will transmit request for 60-day credit extension
Blah blah blah.



 said it will
make two convertible bond issues totalling 200 mln dlrs.
    An issue of about 125 mln in convertible bonds, to be
quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, would be offered in
Europe through a syndicate led by &lt;Banque Paribas Capital
Markets Ltd>, &lt;Swiss Bank Corp International Ltd> and &lt;S.G.
Warburg Securities>, Bell Group said in a statement.
    Subject to shareholder approval, at a meeting on April 22,
a further 75 mln dlrs in convertible bonds would be subscribed
by Bell Group chairman Robert Holmes a Court, it said.
    The funds would provide additional working capital.
    The bonds, maturing 10 years from the date of issue, would
carry a 10 pct per annum interest rate, payable annually in
arrears, Bell Group said.
    The bonds are convertible into ordinary shares of The Bell
Group Ltd at any time, with the issue price a premium in the
range of 20 to 25 pct above the market price of the ordinary
shares at the date of issue of the bonds, it said.
    The bonds also carry the right for the issuer to redeem
them after two years if the share price is above 130 pct of the
conversion price for more than 30 days. Bell Group made a
similar 75 mln dlr bond issue in December 1985.
 REUTER

The Stock Exchange of Singapore Ltd
is looking at a new settlement and clearing system and a
corporate disclosure format that would make financial data more
readily available, George Teo, deputy chairman of the exchange,
said.
    He told a conference organised by the Development Bank of
Singapore Ltd that Singapore wants to develop the fixed rate
securities market. He said a state securities market, along the
same lines as the U.S. Government securities market, will be
developed to provide a benchmark for corporate bonds.
    Teo said the fixed rate securities market will pave the way
for companies to raise fixed rate funds.
    Referring to a proposed change in the broking commission
structure, Teo said the exchange is likely to introduce a
sliding scale structure instead of a negotiated commission
structure. He said the negotiated structure works against small
investors, who play an important role in the market.
    The market capitalisation of the Stock Exchange of
Singapore increased to 42 billion U.S. Dlrs in January 1987
from 32 billion U.S. Dlrs in early 1986, he said.
    Teo said the government has picked 15 companies to
participate in a privatisation program which strives to create
opportunities for investors through the sale of 380 mln dlrs
worth of shares a year. It will try to increase alternative
investment available to investors, he said.
    He cautioned against problems in a more competitive
securities market, adding that the possibility of insider
trading is increased when securities dealing, corporate finance
and investment advisory functions are conducted under one roof.
But he said the future direction of Singapore's securities
industry will be dictated by international trends.
 REUTER

Madagascar extended its oil
exploration agreement with the U.S. Firm Amoco Corp &lt;AN> for 17
months to allow for further studies of the Morondava basin on
the southwest coast, a government statement said.
    It said the existing five-year agreement, due to expire
this July 24, was extended until the end of 1988 to allow for
additional geological and geophysical studies.
    Amoco has so far laid 7,100 km of seismic lines and sunk
five exploration wells in the Morondava basin. It may drill a
further three wells before the end of the extended exploration
period, the statement said.
    Madagascar has signed oil exploration agreements with four
foreign oil companies since 1981. But despite promising
indications of large reserves, no commercial production plans
have yet been announced.
    The foreign firms - Amoco, Occidental Petroleum Corp &lt;OXY>,
Mobil Corp &lt;MOB> and a unit of &lt;Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi> -
are working in partnership with the National Military Office
for Strategic Industries (OMNIS).
    Roland Ratsimandresy, the director general of OMNIS, said
at a ceremenony to sign the extension of the Amoco agreement
that his department would intensify oil exploration with its
existing partners and would soon offer a new round of
exploration licences.
 REUTER

State-owned Philippine Airlines Ltd
(PAL) said it has agreed with Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd
&lt;CAPH.HKG> to an increase in seat allocations on the busy
Manila-Hong Kong route.
    A spokesman told Reuters a memorandum of understanding
would be signed later this week between the British and
Philippine governments to allow the current total of 32 flights
a week to be increased. "There are no immediate plans for more
flights but it gives us flexibility," he said.
    PAL said an agreement reached with British Airways would
allow each carrier to keep three London-Manila flights weekly.
 REUTER

The Belgo-Luxembourg Economic Union
recorded a provisional trade deficit of 9.45 billion francs in
January after a December surplus of 15.32 billion francs,
revised upwards from a provisional surplus of 11.94 billion,
the National Statistics Office said.
    In January 1986, the union recorded a deficit of 23.31
billion francs.
    January imports fell to a provisional 228.86 billion francs
from 240.24 billion in December and 281.65 billion a year
earlier, but exports were also lower, at 219.41 billion francs
against 255.56 billion and 258.34 billion respectively.
 REUTER

Div 4.7p making 8.7, an increase of 13.9 pct
    Shr 16.3p vs 17.9p adjusted
    Pretax profit 37.09 mln stg vs 34.55 mln
    Net 22.12 mln vs 24.13 mln
    Interest payable 8.10 mln vs 5.35 mln
    Share of associated co's 6.88 mln vs 5.42 mln
    Turnover 1.22 billion stg vs 1.10 billion
 REUTER

Norway is issuing a 60 billion yen
eurobond due April 22, 1992 paying 4-1/4 pct and priced at
101-5/8 pct, lead manager Nomura International Ltd said.
    The non-callable issue will be available in denominations
of one mln yen and will be listed in London.
    The fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession with 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Shr 16 cts vs eight cts
    Net 4,834,000 vs 2,052,000
    Revs 34.9 mln vs 16.0 mln
    Avg shrs 31.1 mln vs 26.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 26 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 8,006,000 vs 3,310,000
    Revs 80.9 mln vs 34.5 mln
    Avg shrs 30.8 mln vs 26.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two for one stock split.
    Current year net includes capitalized software costs of
1,295,000 dlrs in quarter and 3,701,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter

Shr 19 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 653,464 vs 287,606
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 7,600,000
    Year
    Shr 68 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 2,309,181 vs 1,408,813
    Revs 38.4 mln vs 26.0 mln
 Reuter

A unit of Inspectorate International
AG &lt;INSZ.Z> is raising 200 mln marks through an equity warrant
eurobond package with a two pct coupon priced at par, lead
manager Schweizerische Bankverein (Deutschland) AG said.
    The five-year bond, for Inspectorate International Finance
NV, gives investors options on two separate warrant series "A"
and "B" exercisable into participation certificates in parent and
guarantor Inspectorate International AG.
    The first "A" series carries warrants for four participation
certificates. Upon exercising the "A" warrants, investors also
get two warrants for the "B" series.
    The "A" exercise period runs from May 7, 1987, to August 6,
1987. The exercise price is 543 Swiss francs.
    Of the two "B" warrants, one entitles investors to purchase
one participation certificate in Inspectorate International AG
and the other provides seven warrants.
    Investors may pay for "B" participation certificates by
redeeming the bond issued today. In this case, the bond, issued
in denominations of 5,000 marks, will be valued at a fixed
price of 4,200 Swiss francs, or 119.05 francs per 100 marks.
    Participation certificates acquired with "B" warrants will be
priced at 597 francs, equalling the price of the first tranche,
plus a 10 pct premium. The exercise period for the "B" series is
from August 8, 1987 to May 5, 1991.
    Fees for the bond total 2-1/4 pct, with 1-1/2 points for
selling, and 1-3/4 for management and underwriting combined.
    Investors will pay for the bond on April 8, and the bond
pays annual interest on the same day. It matures on April 8,
1992. The bond and warrants will be listed in Frankfurt.
    If all participation share warrants are exercised, the
company will obtain some 300 mln marks in new equity.
    The construction allows Inspectorate to borrow at lower
cost than a comparable convertible bond and will give the
Inspectorate equity through issues of participation
certificates in West Germany, a Swiss Bank Corp spokesman said.
    Inspectorate requires funding to finance its purchase of a
51 pct stake in Harpener AG, a diversified West German group,
and other recent acquisitions.
 REUTER

Waste Management Inc said its
wholly owned subsidiary, WMX Acquisition Corp, ended its tender
offer to buy shares of ChemLawn Corp at 35 dlrs a share.
    All shares tendered to Waste Management will be returned to
shareholders as soon as practical, it said.
    Earlier this week, ChemLawn agreed to accept a merger
proposal at 36.50 dlrs a share from Ecolab Inc in a transaction
valued at about 370 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Thermo Process Systems Inc said
its proposed acquisition of the Surface Combustion Division of
privately-held &lt;Midland-Ross Corp> has been terminated because
mutually satisfactory terms could not be established.
 Reuter

Lead underwriters &lt;Donaldson, Lufkin
and Jenrette> and Salomon Inc &lt;SB> said an offering of three
mln shares of Advanced Micro Devices Inc depositary convertible
exchangeable preferred shares is under way at 50 dlrs per
share.
    Underwriters have been granted an option to buy another
450,000 depositary shares to cover overallotments.
    Each depositary share bears an annual dividend of three
dlrs per share and represents 0.1 30 dlr convertible
exchangeable preferred share.
    The underwriters said the preferred shares are convertible
into common stock at 25.16 dlrs per share initially and are
exchangeable at the company's option for six pct convertible
subordinated debentures due 2012.  The preferred shares are not
redeemable before March 15, 1990 unless the market price of the
common stock equals or exceeds 150 pct of the conversion price
for specified periods.
 Reuter

 said it received a
proposed takeover offer from Breakwater Resources Ltd involving
a swap of one Breakwater share for two Novamin common shares.
    It said the proposal also called for conversion of
outstanding Novamin warrants into Breakwater common shares on
the same basis, provided the exercise price was paid by the
warrant holders.
    Novamin, a mineral exploration company, said directors
would meet next Tuesday to deal with the proposal, which, it
said, was subject to approval by Breakwater directors.
 Reuter

 said
some Wall Street firms have limited their commodities trading
business with Drexel.
    Rumors circulated in financial and commodity markets
yesterday that units of &lt;Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc>, Salomon
Inc &lt;SB> and &lt;Goldman, Sachs and Co> had restricted commodities
business with Drexel because of its involvement in the
government's insider trading probe.
    In response to questions, a Drexel spokesman said, "Any
questions raised about our credit conditions are ridiculous as
those few competitors who have instituted restrictions for
whatever their motives well know."
    Securities industry sources said the three firms were
restricting their business with Drexel particularly in oil and
precious metals. The firms have restricted business in some
areas, but not others, the sources said.
    All three firms declined to comment, and the Drexel
spokesman did not identify the companies by name.
    Drexel and some officials, including Michael Milken, head
of its "junk bond" department, were subpoenaed following the
government's settlement of insider trading charges against
arbitrager Ivan Boesky.
    Securities industry sources said the three firms were
restricting their business with Drexel particularly in oil and
precious metals. The firms have restricted business in some
areas, but not others, the sources said.
    All three firms declined to comment, and the Drexel
spokesman did not identify the companies by name.
    Drexel and some officials, including Michael Milken, head
of its "junk bond" department, were subpoenaed following the
government's settlement of insider trading charges against
arbitrager Ivan Boesky.
    "Our commodity trading group, &lt;DBL Trading Corp>, is
operating normally and very profitably. It has had absolutely
no disruption in its trading and operation," a Drexel spokesman
said.
    He added, "the financial picture of the firm as a whole has
never been healthier. We have capital of 1.9 billion dlrs, the
fourth largest on Wall Street, equity of 1.3 billion dlrs, and
excess net capital of one billion dlrs."
    "People who invent and circulate rumors about any financial
institution, including Drexel Burnham, are doing a serious,
grave disservice to the investing public and marketplace," the
spokesman said.
 Reuter

Trade house sources said China is
expected to step up its sugar purchases following yesterday's
steep drop in world sugar prices.
    The consensus is that the Chinese will buy between 200,000
and 400,000 tonnes of raw sugar.
    "China is short of foreign exchange and a drop in prices is
usually taken as a buying opportunity by Peking," one trader
said.
    Yesterday, prices on the New York world sugar market
plummeted by 0.58 to 0.50 cent on heavy liquidation by
speculators, disenchanted over the market's lack of rallying
power.
    Speculation is that China will need the sugar for the
May/July period.
 Reuter


******FED OFFERS TO BUY ONE BILLION DLRS OF BILLS FOR CUSTOMER, AFTER NOTE AUCTION
Blah blah blah.




******ALLIED-SIGNAL INC TO SELL LINOTYPE GROUP TO COMMERZBANK OF WEST GERMANY
Blah blah blah.



Petroleos de Venezuela S.A will
announce within two weeks the name of a foreign consortium it
has chosen to help exploit the coal deposits at Guasare in
western Zulia state, PDVSA president Juan Chacin Guzman said.
    Chacin told reporters the foreign partner will provide
capital as well as technical and marketing expertise to the
Carbozulia project, which the state oil company will manage.
    PDVSA officials said that among those who bid for the
partnership is a consortium between Agip Carbone, a subsidiary
of Italy's Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi (ENI), and Atlantic
Richfield &lt;ARC> of the United States.
    Minister of Energy and Mines Arturo Hernandez Grisanti said
discussions are currently taking place to finalize the terms of
the contract with the foreign partner.
    PDVSA vice-president Pablo Reimpell said last week the
first shipment of coal from the Carbozulia project should be
made during the final quarter of 1987, and would measure
between 100-150,000 metric tons.
    Plans call for production to eventually reach 500,000 mt
annually. Reimpell said the original investment in the project
will be approximately 8 billion bolivars.
 Reuter


******CRS SIRRINE PLANS MAJOR RESTRUCTURING, WRITE OFF OF UP 43 MLN DLRS
Blah blah blah.



Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said that the dollar's slide in currency markets has
been enough, a Fed spokesman said.
    The spokesman confirmed that Volcker, who spoke to a group
of financial analysts, said in answer to a question about the
dollar's recent slide that "enough is enough."
    Volcker has often expressed concern about the dollar
falling too rapidly in currency markets.
 Reuter

Ormand Industries INc said its
General Can Co Inc unit has finalized all transactions needed
to repay about 3.3 mln dlrs of past-due accounts to its
unsecured lenders.
    The plan calls for payment of about 1.5 mln dlrs in cash
and the issuance of a new class of preferred stock by Ormand
Industries.
    The company said it anticipates full distribution to the
creditors during March.
 Reuter

Portugal may have purchased a 30,000
tonne cargo at its tender today for up to 43,000 tonnes of
number two yellow corn (14.5 pct maximum moisture) for arrival
by April 30, shipment via Gulf ports, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss one ct vs loss seven cts
    Oper net loss 80,640 vs loss 787,738
    Revs 933,183 vs 3,346,627
    Avg shrs 6,122,378 vs 8,451,578
    Year
    Oper shr loss 75 cts vs loss 1.10 dlrs
    Oper net loss 5,120,206 vs loss 9,288,996
    Revs 5,846,962 vs 18,679,090
    Avg shrs 6,805,951 vs 8,387,802
    NOTE: Earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations
of 178,437 dlrs, or three cts a share vs 154,767 dlrs, or two
cts a share in the quarter and losses of 706,984 dlrs, or 10
cts a share vs 572,100 dlrs, or seven cts a share for the year
    1986 year earnings exclude gain from early extinguishment
of debt of 11,318,289 dlrs, or 1.66 dlrs a share
 Reuter


******Bank of Japan bought 200 to 300 mln dlrs this morning, dealers said.
Blah blah blah.



Brazil and its bank advisory committee
agreed to transmit a request for an extension of short-term
credit lines totalling 16 billion dlrs for 60 days until May
31, Brazilian Central Bank President Francisco Gros said.
    Speaking after talks with the committee here, Gros also
said he did not expect to make interest payment to the banks at
this moment.
    He added that "no one should expect any dramatic
developments before March 31."
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68
billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
    Bankers said they would relay the Brazilian request for an
extension but declined to say whether they were specifically
endorsing it.
    Gros said the decision, which he called a "standstill"
arrangement, will be communicated to Brazil's 700 bank
creditors by telex tomorrow. Banks had been pressing Brazil to
make at least a token interest payment, but Gros said the
government was unable to comply for the moment.
    He stressed however that Brazil was willing to pay as soon
as it could, but added that a payment of interest was not
connected with the extension of the credit lines.
    "That would not be wise," he said.
    He said that the extension of the short-term lines would
not be carried out through "an official instrument" as there was
not time to complete the legal requirements.
    Gros said Brazil was likely to meet again with the 14-bank
advisory committee once Brazil had information to present on an
economic plan.
 REUTER

An Agriculture Ministry survey has
estimated the nation's 1986/87 crop sugar cane output at 2.14
mln tonnes, down from 2.62 mln a year earlier.
    Ministry officials said the decline was due to bad weather
and a reduction in the land under sugar cane this season, which
totals 34,800 hectares, down from 35,700 in 1985/86, they said.
    Harvesting stretches from December 1986 to April 1987
    Japan's final output will be announced at the beginning of
June, they said.
 REUTER

 plans to
reduce its dividend to three yen in the year ending March 31
1987 from the five yen of 1985/86, a company spokesman said.
    The company estimated parent company current losses at 15
billion yen in 1986/87, including a gain of 95 billion yen from
the sale of securities. This compares with a 36.07 billion yen
profit a year earlier.
    Sales in 1986/87 are seen at 2,150 billion yen, down from
2,685 billion a year ago.
    Poor business prospects were attributed to the yen's rise
and slow world steel demand. Nippon is expected to report
parent company results in late May.
    Total 1986/87 crude steel production is estimated at 25.57
mln tonnes, down from 27.98 mln a year earlier.
    Crude steel production is likely to be below 1986/87 output
but forecasts for profits and sales in the year starting April
1 are unavailable yet, he said.
 REUTER

The placement of 10.1 mln government
owned shares in Veba AG &lt;VEBG.F> is still open for small
shareholders but lead manager Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> has
already closed its books for institutional investors, a
Deutsche spokesman said in answer to queries.
    Under the terms of the placement which opened on Monday,
small shareholders were given priority for three days so that
this privilege will not lapse until close of business today.
    Consortium banks set aside fixed amounts for small
shareholders. The spokesman could not say how big these were,
or whether other banks had closed books for institutions.
 REUTER

 said
in a statement accompanying final results for 1986, showing
pretax profits up to 37.09 mln stg from 34.55 mln in 1985, that
overall further progress is expected in 1987.
    The predicted slowdown of the U.S. Automobile industry is
affecting the North American group although the improved
performance in the FATA European group during 1986 is expected
to continue into this year.
    In the U.K. Overall profitability will improve when the
Central Electricity Generating Board's ordering programme for
both nuclear and fossil-fired fuels starts.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan will sell 300 billion
yen of government financing bills tomorrow under a 29-day
repurchase accord maturing April 24 to soak up a projected
money market surplus, market sources said.
    The surplus is estimated at 350 billion yen, due mainly to
excess bank holdings of yen funds after heavy dollar purchases
in the foreign exchange market yesterday, money traders said.
    The yield on the bills for sales to banks and securities
houses from money houses will be 3.9495 pct against the 3.9375
pct discount rate for one-month commercial bills and the
4.58/42 pct yield on one-month certificates of deposit today.
    The operation will put the outstanding bill supply at about
1,900 billion yen, money traders said.
 REUTER

The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) has asked about 30 Japanese trading houses and
exporters to refrain from excessive dollar selling, trading
house officials said.
    The officials told Reuters MITI asked them to moderate
their foreign exchange trading because the excessive rise in
the yen will have unfavourable effects on the economy. It made
the request by telephone.
    A MITI official said the ministry has conducted a survey of
foreign exchange trading by trade houses and exporters. But he
said it was not aimed at moderating dollar selling.
    The trading house officials said MITI had asked them to
undertake foreign exchange transactions with due consideration
to the adverse effects excessive exchange rate movements would
have on the economy.
    The MITI official said MITI undertakes such surveys when
exchange rates fluctuate widely. A similiar survey was made
when the currency fell to the previous record low of 149.98 on
January 19. It hit a new record low of 148.20 yen yesterday.
    He said the survey showed currency transactions by trade
houses and exporters contributed little to the dollar fall.
 REUTER

Shr loss 4.14 dlrs vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 37.1 mln vs loss 1,712,000
    Revs 27.3 mln vs 33.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 5.51 dlrs vs loss 73 cts
    Net loss 49.3 mln vs loss 6,544,000
    Revs 109.0 mln vs 141.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 34.8 mln dlr
weritedown of assets of services segment and Southeast Asian
joint venture.
 Reuter

Spain's General Union of Workers (UGT),
the trade union arm of the Socialist party, will keep pressing
for salary rises of seven pct despite government
recommendations for a five pct ceiling, a UGT spokesman said.
    Trade union sources said coal mines in Asturias remained
closed by protests against planned job cuts. A 24-hour stoppage
at the state railways RENFE, coinciding with strikes at two
airlines next Friday, was virtually certain to be confirmed.
They said construction workers would start a five-day strike
next week.
    Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez last night sought support
for his call to limit wage rises in an effort to cut inflation
to five pct from 8.3 pct last year. He told a press conference
the Socialist government could not meet all demands and would
not yield to demagogy.
    Antonio Hernandez Mancha, leader of the main opposition
right-wing Popular Alliance (AP) party which tabled a motion of
no confidence against the government, said Gonzalez had run out
of imagination. But political sources said the government,
holding an absolute majority in parliament, is sure to survive
the no confidence debate opening tomorrow.
 REUTER

A total 59,000 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 45.678
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in West Germany received 34,750
tonnes, in the U.K. 13,000, in Denmark 7,250 and in France
4,000 tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had expected the subsidy for
the current season whites campaign for licences to end-Aug to
be more than 45.00 Ecus per 100 kilos but Paris traders were
more precise by forecasting a rebate level of 45.75 to 46.0
Ecus.
    London traders were also reluctant earlier to predict the
likely tonnage to be authorised for export in view of the
on-going dispute between the Commission and European producers
over the threatened action by the producers to move over
800,000 tonnes to intervention.
    Last week saw 60,500 tonnes whites athuorised for export at
a maximum rebate of 44.819 Ecus per 100 kilos.
 REUTER

Chrysler Financial Corp is issuing a 50
mln stg eurobond due April 30, 1992 paying 9-1/2 pct and priced
at 101-1/8 pct, lead manager Union Bank Of Switzerland
Securities said.
    The bond is available in denominations of 1,000 and 10,000
stg and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession and 5/8 pct for
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Noranda Aluminum Inc. said it has
increased its primary aluminum prices by two cents a lb,
effective with new orders as of March 25 and all shipments
beginning May 1.
    The new price for unalloyed ingot will be 64.5 cents a lb
while the new price for extrusion billet will be 72.5 cents a
lb.
 Reuter

Utilicorp United Corp
said it expects to report 1987 first quarter earnings of about
12 mln dlrs or about 1.12 dlrs a share and revenues of about
190 mln dlrs.
    In the comparable quarter a year ago, Utilicorp earned 8.5
mln dlrs or 87 cts on revenues of 203 mln dlrs.
    There are 9.6 mln shares outstanding this year, up from the
8.5 mln shares in 1986, Utilicorp's president Richard Green
told financial analysts here.
    First quarter 1987 results include one month contribution
of West Virginia Power, which became a division on March 1,
1987, Green said in remarks prepared for delivery to analysts.
    Higher earnings for the period reflected reduced operating
and maintenenace expenses and about 10 mln dlrs in rate
increases in Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas and Colorado, he said.
    However, Utilicorp's Missouri Public Service division is
experiencing the effect of a 5.9 pct rate reduction authorized
in September 1986, he noted.
    Of Utilicorp's total revenues expected for the 1987 first
quarter, about 43 mln dlrs will be derived from electric
operations and about 147 mln dlrs will come from gas
operations, he said.
    Operating income derived from electric operations in the
first three months of 1987 is estimated to be eight mln dlrs,
while the contribution from gas operations will be about 10 mln
dlrs, Green said.
    Green told analysts that Utilicorp received regulatory
approval from various states and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission to reincorporate in Delaware, effective April one.
    Utilicorp signed an agreement with Cominco Ltd of Vancouver
to extend the deadline to May 31, 1987, for completion of the
company's purchase of West Kootenay Power and Light of British
Columbia, due to a longer than expected regulatory approval
process, he said.
    Hearings were completed in February and a decision by the
British Columbia Utilities Commission on the 60 mln dlrs
purchase by Utilicorp is pending, he said.
 Reuter

Stockholder Systems Inc said it has
agreed in principle to acquire privately-held Software Concepts
Inc, which provides software for check processing, mortgage
application processing and safe deposit box accounting, for
undisclosed terms.
    Software Concepts had revenues of about 3,200,000 dlrs for
the year ended June 30.
 Reuter

The New York Stock Exchange said a
seat on the New York Futures Exchange sold for 200 dlrs,
unchanged from the previous sale on Tuesday.
    The Exchange said the current bid is 100 dlrs and the offer
is 200 dlrs.
 Reuter

Manny, Moe and Jack Inc
said its board declared a three-for-one stock split and raised
the quarterly dividend to six cts presplit from 5-1/2 cts.
    Both are payable July 27 to holders of record July One and
the
    The split is subject to shareholder approval at the May 18
annual meeting of an increase in authorized common shares to
500 mln from 40 mln, the company said.
 Reuter

Anheuser-Busch Cos Inc said
Dennis Long, vice president and group executive of the company,
and president of its beer subsidiary, Anheuser-Busch Inc, is
resigning from the company.
    The company said it accepted his resignation at a regular
meeting of the board of directors.
    He will be replaced as president of the unit by August
Busch III, chairman and president of the company, and chairman
and chief executive officer of the unit, the company said.
    Long said in a statement referring to his resignation: "I
have great respect for Anheuser-Busch and its management team.
As president of Anheuser-Busch Inc I assume full responsibility
for the actions if its officers and employees and have chosen
to resign in the best interest of the company."
    Published reports have said Long is under investigation by
the company concerning charges of improper conduct by certain
employees and suppliers. A spokesman for the company would not
comment further about Long's resignation.
    The company's stock was down 1-1/8 to 34-3/4 this morning.
 Reuter

 
said if it is unsuccessful in gaining shareholder approval for
a debt refinancing with Colorado National Bankshares Inc
&lt;COLC>, the bank will have the right to foreclose on
Greenwood's assets.
    On January 28, Greenwood's board approved an agreement with
Colorado National calling for the sale of 4,300,000 shares of
New London Oil owned by Greenwood for 1,700,000 dlrs and
calling for a restructuring and recapitalizing of Greenwood,
subject to shareholder approval.
    As a result of declines in the value of oil and natural gas
properties brought on by the fall in prices for those fuels,
Greenwood started facing substantial bank debt prepayment
requirements in 1986.
    The New London shares are to be sold to a party in London.
    On February 1, Colorado National released to the company
all cash flow from oil and natural gas operations and reduced
its debt in return for the payment of 1,700,000 dlrs from the
sale of the New London stock and other considerations.  Eighty
pct of Greenwood's cash flow from oil and gas operations had
been allocated to servicing debt to the bank.
    Under the deal with Colorado National, existing preferred
and common stocks would be converted into a new common stock,
subject to shareholder approval.
    The company said it expects to file proxy materials for the
special meeting of shareholders at which the matter will be
considered by the first week of April, mail material to
shareholders by early May and schedule the meeting for about 30
days thereafter.
    It said its 1985 audit -- not conducted at the end of that
year due to lack of funds -- is being conducted now, along with
the 1986 audit, by Touche Ross and Co.
    Greenwood said as soon as its 1985 audit is completed, it
will apply for readmission to the NASDAQ system, from which it
was delisted last year.
    It also said it probably plans to change its name to
Greenwood Holdings due to its planned redirection from natural
resources.
 Reuter

The U.S. Caterpillar Tractor
Co was granted a court injunction ordering some 300 workers to
end their 10-week occupation of the firm's factory, court
sources said.
    The workers, staging a sit-in to protest Caterpillar's
decision to close the plant with the loss of 1,221 jobs, are
due to decide on their next step at a mass meeting tonight.
    Yesterday a spokesman for the workers said they would
comply with the law if forced out.
    Caterpillar wants to dismiss the workforce and close the
plant in May.
 Reuter


******BALDRIGE SAYS U.S. WILL NOT LET JAPAN DOMINATE WORLD ELECTRONICS MARKET
Blah blah blah.




******LEAR SIEGLER DEPOSITS 79.4 MLN DLRS TO SECURE NOTES, EFFECTS REORGANIZATION
Blah blah blah.



Unisys Corp vice chairman Joseph
Kroger said the company's new series 1100 mainframe computer
products will not be available for at least a year.
    At a press conference introducing new products in the V500
computer series, Kroger said Unisys's new Super 90 and Mercury
computers will not be available until after March 1988. The
products are being developed for addition to the 1100 series.
    No specific time frame had been set for introduction of the
Super 90, which will be based on the existing 1190 mainframe,
or the Mercury, which will be a new computer, a Unisys
spokesman said.
    "There is a lot of pent-up customer demand for the
products," Kroger told Reuters. But Unisys has not lost any
customers currently using its 1190 mainframes because of the
wait for the new products, he said.
    At the press conference, Kroger said Unisys is not
developing a one-megabit computer memory chip but will probably
buy them when appropriate from Japanese suppliers.     In
response to a question, Kroger indicated first quarter orders
should be up from a year ago, with international business good
and the U.S. market still "difficult."
 Reuter

American International Group Inc said
it sold its South African subsidiary, American International
Insurance Co Ltd, to Johannesburg Insurance Holdings Ltd, a
holding company owned by a consortium of shareholders led by
Rand Merchant Bank.
    Terms were not disclosed and company officials were
unavailable for comment.
    With the conclusion of the sale, American International has
entirely divested itself of its holdings in South Africa.
 Reuter

Shr 25 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 2.8 mln vs 2.3 mln
    Revs 135.0 mln vs 119.0 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 80 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 8.9 mln vs 7.7 mln
    Revs 407.7 mln vs 403.7 mln
 Reuter

Univation Inc said it has
entered marketing agreements with eight major European
distributors in seven countries.
    The company said the agreements are expected to yield ten
mln dlrs in sales in the next 18 months.
 Reuter

Australia's opposition coalition of
Liberal and National parties has closed the ruling Labour
party's three percentage point lead in the past month, a public
opinion poll published today said.
    The Morgan Gallup Poll showed both sides were level on 45.5
pct in a nation-wide poll of about 2,000 voters.
    It also showed public support was growing for Andrew
Peacock, who was dismissed as the opposition's foreign affairs
spokesman two days ago, although the poll was conducted a week
before he was removed.
    The survey, published in the Bulletin magazine, said 49 pct
of the voters wanted Peacock while only 18 pct supported
opposition leader John Howard.
    Peacock has said he may challenge Howard for the leadership
before the next elections due before April, 1988.
    Howard sacked Peacock as shadow foreign minister after
accusing him of undermining the leadership during a telephone
conversation with another party member.
    The car-telephone conversation was picked up by an
unidentified man using a radio scanner and published in the
Melbourne Sun newspaper.
 REUTER


******Sumita says major nations cooperated to stabilise currencies.
Blah blah blah.



Preliminary trade figures for
February show an excess of exports over imports of 119.1 mln
N.Z. Dlrs, a Statistics Department statement said.
    This compares with a 3.3 mln dlr deficit (revised from 1.7
mln) in January and a 36.1 mln dlr deficit in February 1986.
    Exports rose to 998.4 mln dlrs, from 889.2 mln (revised
from 889.5) in January and 903.2 in February 1986. Imports
dropped to an estimated 879.4 mln dlrs from 892.5 (revised from
891.2) in January and 939.3 in February 1986. The deficit for
the eight months to the end of February was 15.3 mln dlrs, as
against 1.057 billion dlrs in the same period a year ago.
 REUTER


******Sumita says Bank of Japan has no intention of lowering its discount rate
Blah blah blah.



The yen could rise to 140 yen to the
dollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.
    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential Japan
Federation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), told
reporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).
The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economy
is not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."
    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.
Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as the
American situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," he
said.
    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,
Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,
including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.
    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters for
wage increases this year as a means of raising private
consumption and thus boosting domestic demand.
    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.
    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressing
the outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in addition
to hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic market
manufacturers through cheap imports.
    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsuki
said.
    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and a
downturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect service
industries, he said.
    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fully
employ those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, he
said.
    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall in
the business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possible
recession in the Japanese economy, he said.
    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyond
levels experienced in 1986.
    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last week
the economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performance
since 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil
price crisis.
    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost the
economy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of land
and reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along with
steps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said.
 REUTER

Shr "A" 138.9 H.K. Cents vs 97.4 (adjusted)
    Shr "B" 27.8 cents vs 19.5
    Final div "A" 44 cents vs 32.3, making 62 vs 47 (adjusted)
    Final div "B" 8.8 cents vs 6.5, making 12.4 vs 9.4
    Net 1.78 billion dlrs vs 1.23 billion
    Turnover 16.6 billion vs 13.7 billion
    Note - Net profits excluded extraordinary gains of 1.38
billion dlrs vs 59.1 mln. The non-recurrent earnings mainly
derived from the firm's sale of a 15.75 pct stake in Cathay
Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> in April.
    Note - Earnings per share and dividends have been adjusted
for the firm's two-for-one bonus issue made in April.
    Note - Bonus issue one-for-five for both "A" and "B" shares
against two-for-one.
    Note - Dividends payable June 2, books close April 16 to
24.
    Note - Net asset value per "A" share 6.94 dlrs vs 4.81 and
per "B" share 1.39 dlrs vs 0.96.
 REUTER

Kloeckner &amp; Co KGaA, the
international trading group, said its 1986 domestic group net
profit fell by around 20 pct against 1985, adding that the
profit resulted largely from a writing back of reserves.
    The company, which gave no 1986 profit figures, posted a
domestic group net profit of 41 mln marks in 1985.
    It said the 1986 profit was made possible through a 40 mln
mark write-back of reserves that had been created to cover
possible price rises. These reserves were no longer necessary
because of recent declines in raw material prices.
    Kloeckner attributed the profit decline to the fall in
prices as well as the lower value of the dollar.
    It said it would pay an unchanged dividend on its ordinary
share capital, which is entirely in private hands and held
largely by family foundations.
    Kloeckner's nominal 100 mark profit-participation
certificates, issued in October 1986, will pay a likely yield
of around 10 pct. Holders of the certificates are entitled to a
quarter of the 1986 payment, or around 2.50 marks, the company
added.
 REUTER

Brazil and its bank advisory committee
agreed to transmit a request for an extension of short-term
credit lines totaling 16 billion dlrs for 60 days until May 31,
Brazilian Central Bank President Francisco Gros said.
    Speaking after talks with the committee here, Gros also
said he did not expect to make interest payment to the banks at
this moment.
    He added that "no one should expect any dramatic
developments before March 31."
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68
billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
    Bankers said they would relay the Brazilian request for an
extension but declined to say whether they were specifically
endorsing it.
    Gros said the decision, which he called a "standstill"
arrangement, will be communicated to Brazil's 700 bank
creditors by telex tomorrow. Banks had been pressing Brazil to
make at least a token interest payment, but Gros said the
government was unable to comply for the moment.
    He stressed however that Brazil was willing to pay as soon
as it could, but added that a payment of interest was not
connected with the extension of the credit lines.
    "That would not be wise," he said.
    He said that the extension of the short-term lines would
not be carried out through "an official instrument" as there was
not time to complete the legal requirements.
    Gros said Brazil was likely to meet again with the 14-bank
advisory committee once Brazil had information to present on an
economic plan.
 REUTER

Shr five cts vs 51 cts
    Net 2,300,000 vs 22,500,000
    Revs not given
    Note: Prior shr and net include 20.3 mln U.S. dlr gain on
sale of equity holdings
    Results in U.S. funds
 Reuter

Mthly div 7.3 cts vs 7.5 cts in prior month
    Payable April six
    Record Marcxh 30
 Reuter

South Africa's new foreign debt
agreement sparked a rally in local financial markets, but
bankers and economists said the pact only removes one source of
anxiety from a still depressed economy.
    "We have not gone from "no confidence" to "full confidence" yet,"
commented one banker, who saw the agreement as having marginal
influence on fundamental economic problems.
    Money market analysts cited the debt renegotiation as the
main impetus behind increases today in both the commercial and
financial rand.
    The commercial rand, used for current account transactions,
rose 0.5 cts to 49 U.S. Cts while the financial rand jumped
nearly two cts to 33 U.S. Cts.
    All equity and fixed investment flows of foreigners take
place through the financial rand, which is considered the main
barometer of South Africa's attractiveness to overseas
investors.
    Analysts predicted the debt arrangement plus further gains
in the gold price could push the commercial rand over 50 U.S.
Cts and the financial rand to 35 cents in the next few weeks.
    They said the financial rand in particular was being driven
by a tentative provision in the new debt agreement that could
favourably affect the currency.
    Foreign creditors may get permission to convert loan
balances and short-term claims into equity investments in South
Africa.
    Finance Minister Barend du Plessis said the Reserve Bank
was "investigating the implications of such conversions in light
of terms and restrictions of the financial rand system."
    Du Plessis in disclosing the new agreement last night said
the recent sharp rise in the financial rand was an example that
"some foreign investors are again taking a more realistic view
of South Africa."
    Terms of the debt agreement call for South Africa to repay
1.42 billion dlrs of 13 billion dlrs of frozen debt over the
next three years. The agreement extends a standstill
arrangement, expiring June 30, that has been in place since
August, 1985.
    Bankers said the repayment amounts essentially confirmed
their private estimates and could be comfortably met by the
monetary authorities.
    "They (creditors) asked for the maximum amount and we
offered the minimum," said one banking source, reacting to
reports from London that creditors were hoping for larger
repayments.
    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said South Africa
should have "no difficulty whatsoever" with the terms.
    Economists said the debt agreement would have no
significant impact on economic problems continuing to face
South Africa including high rates of inflation and
unemployment, labour unrest and political uncertainty.
    Johannesburg Stock Exchange president Tony Norton, speaking
yesterday before the debt agreement, said the economy was "in
bad shape" and there was "an awful lot of talk but little action"
to cure serious problems.
 REUTER

The Federal Reserve Board
unanimously approved a proposal to allow Federal Reserve banks
to offer a redeposit service for bounced checks.
    The service would allow a commercial bank that sends checks
to a reserve bank for collection to instruct the reserve bank
to redeposit a bounced check rather than return it.
    The reserve banks would be required to charge a fee for the
redeposit service that would cover its costs.
    The plan would leave it to each reserve bank to set a
dollar cutoff for eligible returns.
    The Fed acted after industry studies showed that nearly
two-thirds of bounced checks cleared the second time around.
    The Fed said studies show that fewer than one pct of the
more than 40 billion checks written each year in the United
States are returned unpaid.
    Of those returned, about half are written for less than 100
dlrs.
    The Fed said many commercial banks already routinely
redeposit low-dlr-value checks returned to them for
insufficient funds.
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,440,000 vs 830,000
    Revs 15.9 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 12,342,000 vs 10,826,000
 Reuter

Hovnanian Enterprises Inc said the
company's earnings for year would exceed the 1.65 dlrs a share
previously announced and could go as high as 1.75 dlrs for
fiscal year ended  Feb 28, 1987.
    The company posted net earnings of 11.5 mln dlrs, or 1.72
dlrs per share, on revenues of 199.3 mln dlrs for fiscal year
1986. These figures reflect two three-for-two stock splits in
March and August 1986.
    At the Annual Drexel Burnham Lambert Construction
Conference here, Hovnanian executive vice presidnt Ara
Hovnanian said the company expects an earnings range of between
2.35 dlrs and 2.55 dlrs per share for fiscal 1988.
    Total revenues for the year ending Feb 29, 1988, should be
between 320 mln and 350 mln, he said.
 Reuter

Swedish Export Credit is issuing 75 mln
New Zealand dlr eurobonds due April 28, 1989, paying 19 pct and
priced at 101-1/4 pct, lead manager Credit Suisse First Boston
said.
    The bond is available in denominations of 1,000 and 5,000
dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg. Fees comprise 7/8 pct
selling concession and 3/8 pct management and underwriting.
 REUTER

J.A.M. Inc said it won a 1.5 mln dlr
contract to produce and develop a series of courses on computer
and data processing systems for use by colleges and 
businesses.
    J.A.M. Executive Vice President Anthony Busch said he could
not disclose the name of the firm that awarded J.A.M. the
contract because of a confidentiality agreement. But he
described it as a leading supplier of educational materials.
    J.A.M., headquartered in Rochester, N.Y., develops 
training programs and supplies video production services.
 Reuter

Bayou Resources Inc said it reached an
definite agreement to be acquired by Patrick Petroleum Co
through a stock and cash transaction valued at six dlrs per
Bayou share.
    Bayou also reported net loss of three cts or 23,024 dlrs
for the fourth quarter compared with a net income of 10,128
dlrs or one cts a year. Revenues fell to 532,807 dlrs from
769,465 dlrs a year ago.
    For the year, Bayou reported a net loss of 14 cts or
116,793 dlrs compared to a net income of 23 cts or 203,372
dlrs. Revenues fell to 2.4 mln dlrs from 3.3 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Gould Inc said it is introducing a new
generation of very high performance mini supercomputers for
intensive engineering applications.
    Called the NPL, the mini supercomputers use Gould's UTX/32
operating system, which is a compatible multi-processor
extension of the UNIX operating system consisting of complete
AT and T System V and Berkeley BSD 4.3 environments, company
officials said at a teleconference.
    "The introduction of the NPL family of mini supercomputers,
is by far Gould's most significant computer line developed to
date," chairman James McDonald said.
    Patrick Rickard, computer systems president, said that he
expects sales of NPL family computers to account for 20 pct of
the division's revenues for the first year after its
introduction, and increase to 80 pct of revenues in five years.
    Computer operations accounted for one third or about 300
mln dlrs of Gould's total revenues for 1986 of 908.8 mln dlrs,
a company spokesman said.
    The NP1, the first series of the new family, uses an open
systems architecture, including parallel and high speed vector
processing and "massive" memory to achieve its supercomputing
capability, Gould officers said.
    The NP1 family will form the foundation for new systems
which are expected to be brought to market through the 1990s,
McDonald said.
    The computers are expected to have applications in science
and engineering, in aerospace and defense and extend into other
areas such as medical sciences, Rick Baron, senior director of
marketing development said.
    Gould said it priced and packaged the NP1 at a cost which
will provide the power and advantages of a traditional
supercomputer at a fraction of the cost.
    The NP1 product line includes several models priced from
395,000 dlrs to 2.9 mln dlrs, Gould officials said adding that
the company has already signed orders for eight NP1 systems.
    The low-end NP1 models will be available in the 1987 third
quarter and the high-end will be available in the 1988 first
quarter, they said.
    According to Gould officials, the NP1 cost 50 mln dlrs to
develop and the company plans to spend between 100 to 150 mln
to develop the rest of the family line. Between now and 1995,
the company expects to ship two to three billion dlrs of NP1
mini supercomputers.
    Offering up to 96 mln Whetstone instructions per second and
320 mln floating point operations per second, the largest of
the new systems, Model 480, incorporates up to four billion
bytes of physical memory, they said.
    The NP1 family has connectability but not compatability
with IBM and Xerox computers, a company spokesman said.
 Reuter

Allied-Signal Inc said it
agreed to sell its Linotype Group unit to &lt;Commerzbank AG>
of West Germany for an undisclosed amount.
    Allied-Signal said Commerzbank is expected to offer shares
of the unit to the public later this year.
    The company said the agreement is subject to approval by
the government and its shareholders.
    The Linotype unit, based in Eschborn, West Germany, had
revenues in 1986 of more than 200 mln dlrs, the company said.
    The company said top management of Linotype plan to remain
with the unit, which has operations in the United States, West
Germany and the United Kingdom.
    Allied-Signal announced in December that it planned to sell
the Linotype unit as well as six other businesses in its
electronics and instrumentation segment.
    Linotype is a supplier of type and graphics composition
systems.
 Reuter

American Can Co said it is issuing in
the Euromarkets 175 mln dlrs of convertible Eurodollar bonds
due 2002 with a 5-1/2 pct coupon and par pricing.
    The Eurobonds are convertible into the company's common
stock at 66.75 dlrs per share, representing a premium of 27.5
pct over today's closing stock price, American Can said.
    Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, which
could include refinancing outstanding debt, business
acquisitions or investments. The debt is being offered via a
syndicate managed by Morgan Stanley International, Credit
Suisse First Boston and Salomon Brothers International.
 Reuter

Sony Corp said it plans to
begin shipping samples in the fall of a 130 millimeter erasable
magneto-optical disk system used for data storage. It said it
estimates the cost of the sample drives will be one mln yen
with sample media costing 30,000 yen.
    Sony said it will ship samples to potential customers in
Japan or overseas depending on demand.
    Sony said the product's development stems from continued
progress in key technologies such as newly structured recording
layers using a polycarbonate base and high power lasers with
high-speed data transfers, among other things.
 Reuter

NASDAQ said short interest as of
mid-march totaled 184.9 mln shares compared to 215.7 mln shares
for the month of February.
    NASDAQ said the mid-March figures are based on 3,983
securities and the February figures are based on 3,842
securities.
    
 Reuter

Thailand's foreign reserves of gold,
special drawing rights and convertible currencies fell to 3.86
billion dlrs at end-February from 3.95 billion the previous
month, but were above the 3.08 billion held at the same time
last year, the Bank of Thailand said.
    It said the reserves were equal to about five months' worth
of imports.
 REUTER

Citibank NA is issuing up to 50,000
currency warrants which give the holder a call right on U.S.
Dollars from marks or yen, Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd said as
sole manager.
    Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs for either 182.50
marks or 149.50 yen between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989.
    The warrants will be listed in Luxembourg and pay date is
March 31. Exercise, requiring one day's notice, must be for a
minimum of 100 warrants through one currency only.
 REUTER

Feed compounds, balancers and
concentrates produced in Britain in the five weeks ended
January 31 totalled 973,400 tonnes, against 966,200 tonnes
produced in the same 1986 period, Ministry of Agriculture
figures show.
    However, cattle/calf feed output, the largest single
component, was 7.2 pct down at 435,900 tonnes against 469,900
tonnes. Pig feed was 170,800 tonnes versus 171,600, and poultry
feed 287,600 compared with 256,600. Other smaller components
included in the total all showed increases.
 REUTER

The Finance Ministry has accepted a
decision by the securities industry to expand the share of
foreign brokers in the 10-year bond underwriting syndicate to
5.73 pct from 1.19 pct now, a ministry spokesman said.
    Earlier this month, the ministry approved a plan to expand
the securities industry's share in the syndicate to 26.2 pct
from 26 pct from April to allow six foreign securities firms to
participate, he said.
    The banks' share in the syndicate will be cut to 73.8 pct
from 74 pct from April.
    Each of the original 17 foreign brokers had a 0.07 pct
share, but the securities industry said in a report accepted by
the ministry that it decided to raise the share of some foreign
firms due to their commitment to the Japanese market.
    Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd will have one pct, while S.G.
Warburg and Co Ltd, Goldman, Sachs International Corp, Jardine
Fleming (Securities) Ltd, First Boston Corp, Merrill Lynch
Securities Co and Morgan Stanley and Co Inc will each have 0.5
pct.
    Vickers da Costa Ltd and Smith Barney, Harris Upham
International Inc will each have 0.3 pct. Kleinwort, Benson
Ltd, Kidder, Peabody and Co Ltd, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc,
Deutsche Bank AG and W.I. Carr, Sons and Co each get 0.1 pct.
    Bache Securities (Japan) Ltd, Hoare Govett (Far East) Ltd
and J. Henry Schroeder Bank and Trust Co and the six new
syndicate members -- E.F. Hutton International Inc, Shearson
Lehman Brothers Asia Inc, Dresdner Bank AG, Swiss Bank Corp
International Asia Inc, Sogen Security Corp and Swiss Union
Philips and Drew Ltd -- will each have a 0.07 pct share in the
securities industry.
 REUTER

London's rise as a trading centre for
U.S. Government debt has been spurred by the increasing use of
interest rate swaps, which are now arranged for most new issues
in the eurobond markets, traders and analysts said.
    Indeed, eurobond traders estimate that about 80 pct of all
new debt issued here last year -- over 186 billion dlrs worth
-- was part of either an interest rate or currency swap.
    "The U.S. Treasuries market here is swap-driven," said David
Jones, vice president at Goldman Sachs and Co international and
head of its U.S. Government bond trading desk.
    "It is commonplace to have trades of 100 mln dlrs or more in
10-years, seven years or five years, all related to an interest
rate swap or hedging of a eurobond deal," Jones said at a recent
conference on the U.S. Treasuries market.
    Just a year or so ago, he said, trades of that size going
through brokers screens in London were unthinkable.
    Traders said that over the past two weeks, while trading in
U.S. Treasuries has been almost frozen by indecision over the
direction of interest rates, swap-related deals have provided
the sole source of new business.
    Dealers said that last week, a 260 mln dlr trade involving
two and 10-year Treasuries was transacted on brokers' screens.
    The trade, they said, was swap related.
    There are no firm figures on exactly how much U.S. Treasury
debt is traded here and estimates vary widely.
    But Wrightson Economics, a U.S.-based research firm which
drew its data from U.S. Treasury reports, estimated that gross
transactions in U.S. Government securities in London rose to
341 billion dlrs in the first nine months of 1986 alone,
against 188 billion in all of 1985.
    Wrightson estimates that about 20 pct of all U.S. Treasury
trading is transacted outside the U.S., With Tokyo forming the
third major centre.
    And while figures are not yet available for the last
quarter, the anecdotal evidence suggests that the trend
continued, traders say.
    Richard Lacy, chief executive at Exco International, put
average daily Treasuries trading volume in London at about 15
billion dlrs. Exco recently purchased an 80 pct interest in RMJ
Securities inc, one of the four major brokers in U.S.
Government bonds which has offices in London, New York and
Tokyo.
    But Dick Van Splinter, president of RMJ's competitor,
Fundamental Brokers Inc's London operations, estimates average
daily turnover is no more than four to five billion dlrs.
    But even at the low range of estimates, Treasuries trading
volume is at least equal to that in the U.K.'s own government
bonds, known as gilts.
     Jeremy Ford, vice president at Bankers Trust International
Ltd, explained that U.S. Treasuries are used by intermediaries
in swap transactions to lock in the "spread," the difference
between the interest rate the borrower has to pay and the rate
that the counterparty is obliged to pay.
    But even beyond swap-related activity, dealers said the
nature of trading in London has changed.
    "The interesting thing our figures show is the transition in
London from a marketing effort to a trading effort," said Louis
Crandall, an economist at Wrightson who has been collecting the
data.
    Crandall said that previously, firms' activities were
limited to trying to sell U.S. Securities to European
investors. Now, however, they appear increasingly willing act
as principal in transactions rather than acting on behalf of
their New York offices.
    Increasingly, traders say, firms maintain separate profit
and loss sheets for their London operations so that trading
decisions can be made independently from the U.S. Headquarters.
    Many of the major U.S. Firms, including Merrill Lynch and
Co, Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc and Chemical Bank trade for
their own accounts here.
    Also, traders point out, the number of U.S. Firms operating
in London has increased sharply over the past year, as has the
number of European and Asian banks which trade U.S. Government
securities.
    Within the past few months, National
Westminster Bank Plc's County Bank subsidiary and Swiss Bank
Corp have applied to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to
become primary dealers in U.S. Government securities and their
London offices have just recently received direct-dealing
brokers screens.
    And Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, already a primary dealer, is
preparing to open a U.S. Treasuries trading desk in London.
    Dick Van Splinter, president of Fundamental Brokers Inc,
the largest of the four major government bond brokers here,
said he now has 45 firms using direct-dealing screens, up from
35 a year ago.
 REUTER

A leading member of Britain's opposition
Labour Party said there was strong evidence Prime Minister
Margaret Thatcher approved the sale of anti- aircraft missiles
to Nicaraguan Contra rebels during talks last year with U.S.
Officials involved in the Iran arms scandal.
    Labour foreign affairs spokesman George Foulkes told
parliament the U.S. Tower Commission report on the sale of arms
to Iran showed Colonel Oliver North had tried to obtain 20
Blowpipe missiles and 10 launchers through a South American
country from a Belfast-based company, Short Brothers, which
manufactures the missiles.
    Short Brothers is owned by the British Government.
    Junior Foreign Officer Minister Timothy Eggar dismissed the
claims as "wild and fanciful allegations" with no foundation.
    Foulkes said North testified he was seeking the help of "a
head of an allied government" in obtaining the Blowpipes and
suggested the supply of missiles was discussed during two
meetings which he said took place between North, the then head
of the CIA William Casey and Thatcher in 1986.
    "We need to know what happened at those meetings between Mr
Casey, Colonel North and the Prime Minister last year. What
were they talking about if it were not the supply of Blowpipe
missiles to the Contra terrorists?" Foulkes said.
 Reuter

Yugoslavia is seeking a loan of 600
mln ECUs from the European Community for transport system
modernisation, Deputy Finance Minister Boris Skapin was quoted
by the official Tanjug news agency.
    The community has offered Yugoslavia only 380 mln ECUs, he
said. The loan is to help finance completion of Yugoslavia's
north-south motorway, railway modernisation and export-oriented
industrial projects.
    Skapin told reporters in Brussels yesterday the requested
loan accounted for only 10 pct of total funds needed for these
projects, Tanjug said.
 REUTER

Shr 32 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 3,320,206 vs 2,990,695
    Revs 13.5 mln vs 14.9 mln
 Reuter

The chances of U.K. Stocks continuing
recent rises as budget euphoria gives way to the uncertainties
of a probable election are small, and market analysts say there
will probably be a downwards correction in the next few weeks.
    The U.K. Market has managed a dizzy rise since the New
Year, with the FT-SE index of 100 leading shares lifting 22.5
pct since January 2 to current levels around 2050.
    "Over the next month or two the odds are that the index will
drop back to around 1,900," said John Goldschmidt, head of
equities research at Chase Manhattan Securities.
    "A five to 10 pct drop is likely. There was a six pct fall
before the 1983 election when the Conservatives were further
ahead in the polls and the market was on a multiple of only 14
instead of 18 now," noted Nick Knight of brokers James Capel.
    "The old adage is "sell in May and go away'. That's likely to
apply this year but will probably start in April," he added.
    But few analysts believed a correction would spell the end
of the bull run that has now lasted for some six years.
    "As long as corporate profits and earnings keep on growing
then the pressure for continued rises will be there. There
seems little prospect of the growth stopping in 1987/1988," one
said.
    Much of the recent enthusiasm has stemmed from the belief,
already virtually discounted, that the ruling Conservatives
will call an election in the next few months - probably June -
and sweep home to a third term in office.
    Even if this does happen, however, pre-election nerves are
likely to produce the traditional effect of damping down the
market until the result is clear.
    "It's likely there will be one or two hiccups of confidence
about the Tories winning an overall majority," Goldschmidt said.
    "It would be quite out of character for the market to
continue to sail serenely upwards right through the election
and beyond," added brokers Phillips and Drew in a recent report.
    The belief that the government itself is worried about the
impact of the Alliance party disrupting the usual two-corner
fight of Conservative and Labour with unpredictable results, is
not likely to give reassurance, one analyst noted.
    Other factors also indicate that the market is vulnerable
to a downwards correction. U.K. Stocks had ridden up partly on
the back of record rises in New York and Japan and a pause in
either suggests that London would inevitably follow suit.
    There would also be little new encouragement provided by
general economic factors as much of the recent optimistic news,
including this month's half point cut in base rates to 10 pct,
is already built into prices.
    "The economy is looking okay, but it can't support 20 pct
increases every three months indefinitely," one said.
    Also, market liquidity, a powerful driving force behind the
recent rises, shows signs of drying up under the pressure of
the government's privatisation campaign.
    The next few months will see cash calls for second tranche
payments on British Gas Plc &lt;BRGS.L> and British Airways Plc
&lt;BAB.L> as well as the proposed sale of &lt;Rolls Royce Plc> and
the as-yet untimetabled sale of the government's 31.7 pct stake
in British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L>.
    On top of that, there will be calls from the gilt market
even though last week's budget limited the projected 1987/88
borrowing requirement to four billion stg.
    "We are looking for a squeeze on cash flow, and that's not
including rights issues which have been low so far this year
and may pick up in the second quarter," Knight said.
 Reuter

United Medical Corp said it
has reached a definitive agreement to sell its hospital
distribution unit to &lt;Myriad Group Inc> for undisclosed terms,
with closing expected in the next several weeks.
 Reuter

VICORP Restaurants Inc said by mutual
agreement with United Trust Fund it has terminated the sale and
leaseback of 29 Bakers Square restaurant properties.
    The company completed a sale/leaseback of 31 Baker Street's
with United Trust in December, raising 26.5 mln dlrs. VICORP
said it does not feel it necessary to proceed with the
remainder of the sale/leasebacks due to improvement in its
financial condition.
 Reuter

Minntech Corp, a medical
device manufacturer, said it has received an additional 175,000
dlrs from C.R. Bard &lt;BCR> to develop and market an advanced
membrane oxygenator for use in open heart surgery.
    Minntech said Bard paid it the money on top of the 825,000
dlrs in non-refundable contract revenues Bard already paid as
part of a development agreement. The company said it received
the money after it delivered oxygenator units for animal
testing to the Utah Biological Testing Laboratories.
    Minntech also said it will receive additional milestone
payments as the project development progresses, adding that
Bard has agreed to buy some oxygenators following project
completion and Food and Drug Administration approval.
    Minntech President Louis Cosentino said the animal testing
was successful and the company can now file for FDA approval
and equip its oxygenator manufacturing facility.
 Reuter

Shr loss two cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 103,000 vs profit 319,000
    Revs 4,357,000 vs 6,494,000
    Avg shrs 5,415,185 vs 5,646,185
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,236,000 vs profit 570,000
    Revs 22.2 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Avg shrs 5,638,596 vs 5,646,185
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 30,400 dlrs in
quartger and 58,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter

Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
    NOTE: B.F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust.
 Reuter

Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein
Mousavi said Iran had "more effective" missiles at its disposal
than the shore-to-sea missiles which had provoked U.S. Concern,
Tehran Radio reported.
    A U.S. State Department spokesman said last week Iran had
acquired Chinese-made Silkworm missiles which posed a greater
threat to shipping in the Gulf than the weapons previously
used.
    Tehran Radio, monitored by the British Broadcasting Corp,
quoted Mousavi as saying that Tehran officially announced after
its forces overran southern Iraq's Faw peninsula in February
last year that it had shore-to-sea missiles.
    "The fact that the Americans, after so much delay, are now
thinking of expressing their concern with panic is because
Reagan needs this sensation now," said Mousavi, speaking after a
cabinet meeting in Tehran.
    "We also announce today that these missiles are not the
limit of our war capabilities in the Gulf," he added.
    Mousavi said the security of the Gulf region had nothing to
do with the U.S. But Iran would resort to any action to defend
the Gulf, "even those actions which are not thought probable by
Westerners."
 Reuter

Shr 19 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 362,692 vs 347,868
    Revs 6,311,808 vs 5,827,538
    12 mths
    Shr 60 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 1,152,746 vs 1,534,503
    Revs 24.7 mln vs 25.2 mln
 Reuter

Navistar International Corp chairman
Donald Lennox repeated that benefits from recapitalization are
likely to boost future earnings for fiscal 1987.
    Lennox told the annual meeting that future quarterly and
full year earnings from ongoing operations should be
"significantly above 1986 results."
    In his remarks, Lennox said management has no plans to
recommend reinstatement of the company's common stock dividend
in the foreseeable future.
    He said the outlook for the medium duty truck market
continues to point to little or no change. But recent order
receipts indicate a "firmer tone in the heavy duty truck
segment," which could result in a five to eight pct increase in
industry shipments for the full year, he said.
    After restructuring under the holding company format, the
company's present truck and engine subsidiary will be known as
Navistar International Transportation Corp. Neil Springer
currently president and chief operating officer of Navistar
International was named chairman of the new subsidiary.
    James Cotting, now vice chairman and chief financial
officer, was named to succeed Lennox as chairman and chief
executive officer of Navistar International Corp. Lennox will
retire March 31.
    Shareholders at the meeting approved a change in the
company's structure to a holding company format, to be
effective April 1.
 Reuter

K Mart Apparel Corp, a unit of K Mart
Corp, said it purchased 35 acres 15 miles east of downtown
Dallas from Baker Associates No. 2 Joint Venture.
    Financial details were not disclosed.
    K Mart said it will construct a 456,000-square-foot
distribution center and 15,000 square feet of office space on
the site.
 Reuter

Qtly div 67 cts vs 67 cts prior qtr
    Pay 30 April
    Record 10 April
 Reuter

Shr profit five cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 91,000 vs loss 355,000
    Revs 11.5 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit six cts vs loss 1.45 dlrs
    Net profit 127,000 vs loss 2,846,000
    Revs 31.8 mln vs 34.9 mln
 Reuter

, a U.K. Property
company, is seeking a 100 mln stg multicurrency credit
facility, Union Bank of Switzerland (London branch) said.
    The revolving, evergreen facility will be completely
underwritten and the borrower will be able to issue cash
advances, sterling bankers acceptances and sterling commercial
paper through a tender panel.
    There will be a cap of 50 basis points over the London
Interbank Offered Rate (Libor)on any drawings for advances and
a 50 basis points commission on acceptances. There will be a
facility fee of 3/16 pct.
    Banks are being invited to join at 20 to 25 mln stg for
12-1/2 basis points, at 10 to 15 mln stg for 10 basis points
and at five to 7.5 mln stg for 7.5 basis points.
    The facility, which can only be cancelled after
underwriters provide 61 months notice to the borrower, will
refinance some of Mountleigh's existing debt.
 Reuter

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp
said that it is not willing to accept the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission's conditioned approval of its proposed
offer of settlement dated May 13.
    Transco said it filed a revised settlement proposal which
would permit it to become an open access transporter while
restructuring gas sales services.
    The new offer includes a gas supply inventory charge to
customers who fail to buy 60 pct of their annual contract
quantities and 35 pct of their summer contract quantities.
 Reuter


said it agreed in principle to acquire the assets and
operations of the Engineered Magnetics division of Gulton
Industries Inc, a unit of Mark IV Industries Inc.
    Terms were undisclosed.
    Los Angeles-based Engineered Magnetics designs and produces
custom power conversion systems mainly for use in the defense
and aerospace industries. Its revenues for the year ended
February 28 totaled about 20 mln Canadian dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr three cts vs four cts
    Net 30,969 vs 18,230
    Revs 956,971 vs 702,994
 Reuter

Automobile dealerships have become
large, multi-store operations, and the largest sell more than 1
billion dlrs a year worth of vehicles a year.
    Around the auto industry there is talk of mergers and
buyouts among dealerships, and there are rumors that the
largest are considering offering shares to the public, analysts
say.
    Retail car sales "are at a point of transition. There's not
much that's off the table in terms of creative thinking" about
ways to sell cars, says David Cole, analyst with the University
of Michigan's Transportation Research Institute.
    The retail car market is "much more freeform now" than it
was in 1956, the year things began to change, says Detroit
analyst Arvid Jauppi of Arvid Jauppi and Associates.
    Thirty years ago, in 1956, the situation was different.
Dealerships sold one kind of car--a "Chevy" or a Ford or a
Studebaker. The average dealer had 17 employees and sold
738,000 dlrs worth of vehicles, according to the National
Automobile Dealers Association.
    That year a tiny car from overseas--Germany's Volkswagen
Beatle--began to gain popularity. The "Bug" caused "a
rebellion" among dealers, who demanded greater freedom from
restrictions placed on them by the major American automakers,
says Jauppi.
    One of the most visible changes in retail car sales has
been in the size of dealerships, auto analysts say. Last year,
the average dealership had 11.2 mln dlrs in sales--a 15-fold
increase from 1956--and employed 34 workers.
    "I had one of these guys tell me he makes six, seven mln
dlrs a year and didn't know what to do with all his money,"
says Cole.
    "There's a whole lot more rich guys who sell cars than that
make cars," he says.
    With the increase in size, large dealers have been buying
up other dealerships, and auto analysts see few signs the trend
will let up.
    Donald Keithley, vice president, dealer services, for J.D.
Power, a California-based market research firm, says that, by
1990, 12,000 people will own dealerships compared to 16,800
principal owners today.
    Many dealers are experimenting with owning several
franchises, some of which might compete against each other. "It
used to be a Chevrolet dealer was a Chevrolet dealer. Now a
Chevrolet dealer might handle several lines," Jauppi says.
    As dealers get bigger, industry officials are talking about
the possibility that some of them might become publicly-owned
or open international operations.
    Offering shares to the public is an option large dealers,
"are obviously thinking of very seriously," says Cole.
    Although some say the franchise system might get in the way
of a public offering, Jauppi says there are few obstacles to
trading in car dealer shares.
    "Dealers are large enough now to go public. The only thing
the manufacturer cares about is that the dealer sells those
cars. It could happen any time," Jauppi says.
    "If you look at the whole merger mania, and look at the
scale some of these dealers, it's going to be very hard to
resist taking them public," said another analyst.
    And Jauppi says that dealerships can be expected to become
international.
    "We're going to have international dealers--dealer networks
that are worldwide," he says. U.S. dealers will be attracted
particularly to Europe, where the market will expand faster
than the U.S., he says.
    "It's not totally off the wall," says Cole.
 Reuter

 (KKK), a
Japanese autoparts maker owned 25 pct by Nissan Motor Co Ltd
&lt;NSAN.T>, has exchanged a memorandum to acquire over 50 pct of
U.S. Autoparts firm &lt;Master-Cast Co> to avoid losses on U.S.
Sales caused by the yen's rise against the dollar, a KKK
spokesman said.
    The final agreement should be signed this year when KKK
forms the new company &lt;Alfa K Technology>, he said.
    The new firm should supply all the U.S. Major car makers,
including Ford Motor Co &lt;F>, General Motor Corp &lt;GM> and
Chrysler Corp &lt;C>, he said.
 REUTER


BICC SEEKS ACCELERATED EARNINGS GROWTH LONDON, March 25 - BICC
Plc &lt;BICC.L>, which earlier announced a 10 pct rise in 1986
pre-tax profits, said it was determined to achieve higher
levels of performance, quality and service to accelerate its
improvement in earnings.
    BICC said in a statement that sales in BICC Cables were
down on 1985 due to a sharp drop in demand for cable in the oil
and chemical industries after the oil price drop. But profits
in Balfour Beatty were substantially improved.
    Profits increased in BICC Technologies and in BICC
International in local currency terms, while Associated British
Cables had another excellent year, the company said.
    BICC shares were last quoted at 357p, up from 344p at
yesterday's close, in buoyant response to results which were
ahead of market expectations, dealers said.
    BICC pre-tax profits rose to 101 mln stg in 1986 from 92
mln in 1985, with turnover rising from 2.11 billion stg in 1985
to 2.14 billion stg in 1986.
 REUTER



 said it has
raised its offer to acquire Supermarkets General Corp to 42.00
dlrs in cash and three dlrs in exchangeable preferred stock per
Supermarkets General share from 41.75 dlrs per share in cash.
    The company said it would also be willing to negotiate a
plan with the Supermarkets General board under which
Supermarkets General shareholders would have a common stock
interest in the combined company.  It said it remains willing
to negotiate all terms of the proposed acquisition.
    The original bid was worth about 1.62 billion dlrs.
    Dart said the preferred stock in the new bid would be
exchangeable for a new class of Supermarkets General debt
securities that would be developed by Dart and Supermarkets.
    The new proposal would be subject to approval by the
Supermarkets General board, it said.  The new bid was contained
in a letter to the Supermarkets General board.
    In Woodbridge, N.J., Supermarkets General -- responding to
a previous letter to its board by Dart -- said "Your conduct
indicates to us that no transaction involving trust and
confidence can be entered into with you.  Your propaganda and
missstatements will not panic our board."
    Dart, in its previous letter, had alleged that Supermarkets
General executives were seeking millions of dollar in severance
and tax payments from Dart.
 Reuter

4th qtr
    Shr 15 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,800,000 vs one mln
    Year
    Shr 51 cts vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 6,200,000 vs 13.2 mln
    NOTE: Net includes loan loss provisions of 14 cts shr vs 18
cts in quarter and 24 cts shr vs 36 cts in year.
 Reuter


******DIXONS SAID IT GOT AND ACCEPTED ONLY 20 PCT OF CYCLOPS SHARES IN TENDER
Blah blah blah.



Shr 17 cts vs seven cts
    Net 4,678,000 vs 1,856,000
    Revs 110.5 mln vs 61.7 mln
    Avg shrs 27.0 mln vs 25.0 mln
 Reuter

China must cut excess demand and capital
investment in the face of budget and foreign exchange deficits
but will press ahead with wide-ranging economic reforms in
1987, Premier Zhao Ziyang told parliament.
    Zhao told the annual meeting of the National People's
Congress that while China cooled its overheated economy, cut
its trade deficit and raised national living standards in 1986,
serious imbalances remain.
    Zhao said total social demand exceeds total supply, and
demand for consumer goods, especially from state firms, is too
high. "(They) squander public funds to a serious extent ... (and
issue) excessive wage and bonus increases," he said.
    Failure to cut this excess will "result in reduced
accumulation of funds...And serve to corrupt social morality,"
Zhao said. He said there was a contradiction between low per
capita incomes and excessively high consumer demand.
    China needs to accumulate enormous funds for construction
in its initial stage of socialist modernisation and consumption
must match the available resources, he said.
    Zhao said there was a deficit in state finances in 1986
because of the sharp fall in world oil prices, the rising cost
of foreign exchange earnings through exports, reduced income
from customs duties and unreasonably heavy spending.
    Investment in energy, transport, telecommunications and raw
and semi-finished materials industries is inadequate and
investment in non-productive projects is too large, he said.
 Reuter

 said it
had agreed in principle to buy &lt;I P Sharp Associates Ltd> of
Toronto for 30.4 mln stg.
    Sharp is a time-sharing network and database company
specialising in finance, economics, energy and aviation. It
operates a global packet-switching network and global limits
systems for foreign exchange trading.
    Sharp shareholders will be offered cash, shares or a
mixture of the two in settlement. The acquisition, which is
subject to Canadian government approval, would be through
amalgamation into a specially-created company.
    Reuters said it had been given options by a number of Sharp
shareholders covering 67 pct of the common stock pending
completion of a Reuters review of the company.
    Sharp operates 38 offices in 20 countries. In 1986 it
reported revenue of 55 mln Canadian dlrs with a pretax loss of
1.6 mln compared with a 1.9 mln profit in 1985.
    However, Sharp said that internal accounts showed the
company was in profit in the first two months of 1987.
    End-1986 net assets totalled 11.85 mln dlrs.
    A Reuters statement said the acquisition would fit
perfectly into its package for the banking and securities
industries.
 REUTER

Core-Mark
International Inc said vice-chairman Edward Stanton will become
acting chairman until the company's annual meeting following
the previously announced resignation of David Gillespie as
chairman and chief executive.
    Board member Anthony Regensburg will will become acting
chief executive and Daniel Gillespie will continue as president
and chief operating officer.
 Reuter

Shr loss 1.44 dlrs vs loss 1.50 dlrs
    Net loss 10.1 mln vs loss 8,866,000
    Revs 122.3 mln vs 112.5 mln
    Avg shrs 7,671,855 vs 6,520,928
 Reuter

Shr 40 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,979,000 vs 2,101,000
    Revs 67.7 mln vs 63.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,798,000 vs 1,034,000
    Revs 239.4 mln vs 233.2 mln
 Reuter

Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May 20
    Record April 20
 Reuter

 and
Cowen anbd Co said an initial public offering of 1,089,300
shares of Xylogics Inc is underway at 16 dlrs per share.
    The company is selling 750,000 shares and shareholders the
rest.  The company has granted underwriters an overallotment
option to buy up to 150,000 more shares.
 Reuter

The Bank of France said it will offer
four billion francs worth of negotiable Treasury bills at its
next weekly tender on March 30.
    The total includes 1.5 billion francs worth of 13-week
bills and 2.5 billion francs of 24-week bills.
    At this week's tender on Monday the Bank sold a total of
2.98 billion francs worth of 13-week bills, 3.19 billion francs
worth of five-year bills and 2.69 billion francs worth of
two-year bills.
 REUTER

Shr loss 19 cts vs profit 57 cts
    Net loss 103,005 vs profit 319,344
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,236,347 vs profit 570,222
 Reuter

Thai sugar production continued at a
high level in February, latest figures received by the
International Sugar Organization (ISO) show.
    The figures show stocks at end-February of 2.49 mln tonnes
raw value against 2.33 mln a year earlier. Analysts said this
was a new peak for the date.
    Production in February was 961,000 tonnes against 888,000
in February 1986 and took the Nov/Feb total for the current
crop to 2.25 mln tonnes. Production normally tails off sharply
after March, but in recent years production from March to the
end of the crop has been over 500,000 tonnes, analysts said.
    Thailand's exports in February were 32,800 tonnes and
consumption 57,800.
    Last month the Thai Agriculture Ministry said 1986/87
production was expected to fall to 2.3 mln tonnes from 2.48 mln
in 1985/86.
 Reuter

 said it filed
a preliminary prospectus in Canada for a 100 mln dlr issue of
1,000 class A preference shares, series G, priced at 100,000
dlrs a share.
    The preferred shares will carry a floating dividend rate
which will be determined in a monthly auction, it said.
    The issue is being bought by a group of underwriters
consisting of Dominion Securities Inc, Wood Gundy Inc, Merrill
Lynch Canada Inc, Gordon Capital Corp and Burns Fry Ltd.
    The issue raises total outstanding series G preferreds to
200 mln dlrs and total equity to more than 1.30 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

Imo Delaval said its board
declared an initial quarterly dividend of 14 cts per share,
payable April 24 to holders of record on April 6.
 Reuter

Gencorp Inc said that because it is
continuing to evaluate General Acquisition Inc's tender offer
it has fixed April 3, subject to further extension, as the date
the rights to purchase preferred shares will trade separately
from the common stock as a result of the tender offer.
    This extension of the expiration date is conditioned on no
person acquiring beneficial ownership of 20 pct or more of
Gencorp's common stock prior to April 3, it said.
    Gencorp said it could distribute the rights certificates to
shareholders 10 to 30 days after the March 18 acquisition offer
was made.
    However, rather than leaving the expiration date in a
range, the board decided to set April 3 as the day it will
distribute the preferred share purchase rights.
   
 Reuter


******Bank of Japan keeps intervening to hold dollar above 149 yen, brokers
Blah blah blah.



Worsening drought conditions in Peking
may force the authorities to ration water for industry and
farming this summer, the New China news Agency said.
    The agency quoted city officials as saying rainfall last
year was 75 millimetres lower than in 1985, and its two main
reservoirs are now only one-quarter full.
    Peking's underground water level is 60 centimetres lower
than last year, reducing daily supplies by 50,000 tons.
    The officials said daily water supplies in urban Peking
will fall 160,000 to 260,000 tons short of demand during the
hottest days this summer.
    They called for stricter control of water consumption and
greater recycling of water, adding that there was no hope of
alleviating the shortage until a new water mill starts up in
one year's time.
 REUTER

Chinese Premier Zhao Ziyang said the
threat from western political ideas which caused widespread
student demonstrations last December has been curbed.
    In an address at the opening session of China's parliament,
the National People's Congress, he accused unnamed party
leaders of being weak and lax in their supervision of ideology
and of failing to give full support to the promotion of
Marxism.
    "After several months of work since the end of last year we
have curbed bourgeois liberalisation, which was once quite
widespread," he said.
 REUTER

Saab-Scania AB is establishing a 100 mln
dlr euro-commercial paper issuance program, Enskilda Securities
said as arranger.
    Dealers will be Enskilda and Bankers Trust International
Ltd. Paper will be issued in discounted note form only and will
have maturities between seven and 365 days.
    Denominations will be 500,000 and one mln dlrs.
    Enskilda Securities said Saab-Scania hopes to activate the
program soon.
 REUTER

 expects
continued growth in all divisions this year though it sees
problems in the marine sector, chairman Michael Miles said.
    He told reporters:"1987 has started well for Cathay Pacific
Airways which looks forward to another good year... Swire
Properties expects further good results both from properties
under development for sale and from its investment property
portfolio."
    He did not give any specific projections for earnings. The
company earlier reported 46 pct higher 1986 net profits at 1.78
billion H.K. Dlrs from a year ago.
    Swire also had an extraordinary profit of 1.38 billion dlrs
mainly from the sale of a 15.25 pct interest in Cathay Pacific
Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG>.
    Miles said the company will use the money to develop its
business, primarily in Hong Kong.
    Swire's stake in Cathay was first reduced to 54.25 pct from
70 pct when Cathay was publicly floated, and then cut to 50.25
pct when Cathay issued new shares amounting to 12 pct of the
enlarged capital to the state-owned &lt;China International Trust
and Investment Corp>. Cathay last week reported its 1986
profits rose to 1.23 billion dlrs from 777 mln a year ago.
    Miles said despite last year's rapid expansion in Cathay's
flights and fleet, load factor is still holding up at 70 pct.
    He said Cathay's growth last year was the result of "a
marginal increase in the revenue load factor coupled with
savings in fuel costs."
    "At present fuel prices are stable and will remain stable
for the rest of this year," he said, "though there might be a bit
of increase later this year.''
    Miles said Swire is not abandoning its offshore oil service
operations, even though the marine sector is generally
depressed. "Obviously the marine industry is not getting any
better," he said.
    The real estate market remained strong and Swire last year
revalued its property portfolio up 634 mln dlrs compared with
an increase of 864.4 mln dlrs the previous year.
    Miles said he expects the property market to remain firm
but said the firm has no available land for a major housing
project such as its Taikoo Shing development on Hong Kong
island now near completion.
    He said the company's 50 pct unit &lt;Hongkong United Dockyard
Ltd> is negotiating with the government for the development of
an existing petroleum storage depot into a major housing
estate. "But it's not as big as Taikoo Shing," he said.
 REUTER

Afghan warplanes killed almost 150
people in bombing raids into Pakistani territory last Monday,
Pakistani officials said.
    The death toll rose from a previously reported 85 as news
emerged that a third village had been hit. About 45 people were
killed in Lwarai Mandi in North Waziristan Tribal Agency,
officials said.
    The death toll in Angur Adar in South Waziristan rose to 23
and the toll in Teri Mangal in Kurram Agency rose to 81. The
Soviet-backed Afghan government has not commented on the
reports. 
 Reuter

Shr net basis 21.4p vs 17.5p
    Div 6.1p making 9p vs 6.5p
    Pretax profit 37.2 mln stg vs 31.9 mln
    Net after tax 25.7 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Minority interest 700,000 vs 1.1 mln
    Extraordinary debit 1.9 mln vs 3.5 mln
    Turnover 827 mln vs 766.9 mln
    Note - The company said the sale of the minority holding in
OCL in 1986 has transformed the balance sheet and enables it to
accelerate development.
 REUTER

Jefferies Group Inc said it is
making a market in the stock of Supermarkets General Corp.
    It said the current bid is 45 dlrs bid, 46 dlrs offered.
 Reuter

Technimed Corp said it has received
U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to market its
proprietary whole blood glucose test.
    The company said the test is the first home diagnostic
glucose test to be approved by the FDA that uses simpler
no-wipe technology. It is designed for use by diabetics in
managing insulin therapy.
    Technimed said it has entered into talks with "several
major pharmaceutical companies" on the marketing of the test.
 Reuter

 said the
board approved a rights offering to class A non-voting
shareholders to be made on a one-for-one basis and expected to
raise between 80 mln and 100 mln dlrs.
    The company said a preliminary prospectus will be filed in
Canada later this week and final terms for the rights offering
will not be set until a final prospectus is filed.
    American Resource intends to use proceeds to expand its
investment and merchant banking activities mainly in the United
States, it said.
    Underwriters for the rights offering are Merrill Lynch
Canada Inc, Loewen, Ondaatje, McCutcheon and Co Ltd, Burns Fry
Ltd and Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd, American
Resource said.
    The company also said Peter Gottsegen, formerly managing
director of international corporate finance activities at
Salomon Brothers Inc, was appointed to the board.
    American Resource said it will invest in a U.S. company to
be owned by it and Gottsegen. Gottsegen will be chief executive
of the new company, which will engage in investment and
merchant banking activities in the United States.
 Reuter

CrossLand Savings FSB said it has
acquired Western Savings and Loand Co with the assistance of
the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp.
    CrossLand said Salt Lake City based Western has been
combined with its two Florida-based thrift subsidiaries. The
parent company contributed 50 mln dlrs in cash to the resulting
1.7 billion dlr asset subsidiary which will operate under the
name CrossLand Savings FSB with headquarters in Salt Lake City.
    CrossLand said Western, with assets of 400 mln dlrs,
operated 13 branch offices in the states of California, Oregon,
Utah and Washington.
    To facilitate the acquisition, CrossLand said, Western was
converted from a mutual to a stock association in a voluntary
supervisory conversion. Crossland and the FSLIC executived an
assistance agreement indemnifying CrossLand from certain losses
that could occur in connection with Western's loan portfolio.
    The company said James J. Heagerty, chairman and chief
executive officer of CrossLand Savings FSLA in Bradenton, Fla.,
will serve in that capacity for the new subsidiary resulting
from the merger.
    Western's president, Christopher J. Sumner, will be
president of the combined unit, CrossLand said.
 Reuter

Easco Hand Tools Inc of Hunt Valley,
Md., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the
sale of 67,275,000 dlrs in common stock, its first public stock
offering.
    It said proceeds would be used to reduce indebtedness.
    PaineWebber Inc was named underwriter.
 Reuter

The Woolwich and Equitable Building
Society is issuing a 50 mln stg eurobond due April 27, 1992
paying 9-1/2 pct and priced at 101-5/8 pct, lead manager Chase
Investment Bank Ltd said.
    The non-callable issue is available in denominations of
5,000 stg and will be listed in London.
    Fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession with 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Floods and avalanches killed 110 people
and caused around 350 mln roubles worth of damage in the
southern Soviet republic of Georgia earlier this year, the
government daily Izvestia said.
    Some 80,000 hectares of agricultural land and gardens had
been inundated, damaging tea plantations and orange groves, the
newspaper said. It added that spring sowing in southern parts
of the country was some two weeks behind schedule because of
the late thaw but gave no precise crop estimates.
    In the most detailed report to date on the heavy snows in
January and floods in February, Izvestia said 8,200 people had
been evacuated from mountain areas, 4,500 houses had been
damaged and hundreds of kilometres of roads and power lines had
been destroyed.
    A separate article in the daily warned that a sudden thaw
was expected shortly in the Ukraine and southern parts of
Russia, which experienced record snows this winter.
    Preventive measures have already been taken in some areas
including the evacuation of cattle.
 Reuter

Maytag Co said it expects capital
spending in 1987 to increase to about 60 mln dlrs from 49 mln
dlrs in 1986.
    Maytag chairman and chief executive officer Daniel Krumm
said the company plans a "significant" investment at its
Admiral refrigerator plant in Galesburg, Ill., as well as
continued spending for product improvement and increased
efficiency at other Maytag facilities.
    Earlier, the company reported 1986 net income of 111.2 mln
dlrs, or 2.57 per share, versus net income of 124.9 mln dlrs,
or 2.89 dlrs a share, in 1985.
 Reuter

Bristol-Myers Co said it has filed an
investigational new drug application with the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration requesting the agency to allow it to begin
testing its AIDS vaccine in humans.
    The company said it filed the application on behalf of its
Oncogen subsidiary, which developed the vaccine. It did not
name the drug.
    Bristol-Myers, the third largest drug company in the U.S.,
said that "considerable work remains to be done before it is
determined whether a new drug application will be develpoed for
submission to FDA."
    An investigational new drug application is the first step
in testing an agent. After clinical studies establish the
safety and efficacy of an agent, a company then submits a new
drug application to the FDA. It may take three to five years
before a new drug application is submitted and another two to
three years before the FDA approves a drug for marketing.
    Earlier this month, Bristol-Myers said the vaccine produced
antibodies to the AIDS virus in mice and monkeys. The vaccine
uses a live smallpox vaccine to carry two protein on the AIDS
virus that may, in theory, prod the immune system to produce
neutralizaing antibodies against AIDS.
    The company is the second U.S. organization that has sought
premission for human testing of an AIDS vaccine. At team headed
by Allan Goldstein of George Washington University in
Washington was the first.
    Repligen Corp &lt;RGEN> has said it plans to seek regulatory
permission to test its AIDS vaccine by the beginning of the
summer. And Genentech Inc &lt;GENE> has also said it plans to ask
the FDA to approve human testing of its AIDS vaccine later this
year.
 Reuter

President Reagan opposed new taxes
as he urged the Democratic controlled Congress to come up with
a budget that meets the Gramm-Rudman deficit target of 108
billion dlrs for fiscal 1988.
    He told reporters before meeting with House Republicans in
Congress that for six years he had proposed a "a sound, solid
budget" but alleged that Democrats had only come forth with a
so-called continuing resolution, a catch-all spending bill,
each year.
    Asked about taxes, he said "they're not going to get those
either."
    Reagan's appearance with Republicans coincided with a
dispute among House Budget Committee Democrats and Republicans.
Republicans have boycotted budget drafting sessions.
    "I'm still trying to get a budget that meets the
Gramm-Rudman target," Reagan said. "The Democrats have refused to
present a budget of their own."
    House Budget Committee Chairman William Gray told reporters
after Reagan's remarks that "They (Republicans) don't want to
participate. The President is up there bashing our brains while
Republicans won't give us a markup (drafting meeting). It's an
interesting combination."
 Reuter

Lead underwriters &lt;Goldman, Sachs and
Co> and First Boston Inc &lt;FBC> said an offering of two mln
Series C 3.625 dlr cumulative convertible exchangeable
preferred shares of Inland Steel Industries Inc is underway at
50 dlrs per share.
    The preferred shares are convertible at any time into
common stock at 1.667 common shares per preferred share and are
exchangeable at the company's option on any dividend payment
date starting May 1, 1989 for 7.25 pct convertible subordinated
debentures due May 1, 2012.
    The underwriters said the preferred shares are not
redeemable before May 1, 1989 and thereafter are redeemable for
cash at the company's option at prices declining to par on May
1, 1997.
 Reuter

Argentine port workers began an
indefinite protest against safety conditions at the port of
Buenos Aires, stopping work for one hour per shift, a press
spokesman said.
    He said three port workers had died over the last month in
accidents. He said the decision to take action was made after a
port worker died yesterday after being electrocuted.
 Reuter

EDO Corp said its board approved the
repurchase of an additional 500,000 shares of its common on the
open market, or through privately negotiated transactions.
    EDO said the authorization is in addition to the 2,690,000
shares announced previously.
    Since 1983, Edo said it has purchased over 2.1 mln shares
of its common, leaving about 560,000 shares authorized for
purchase prior to today's action.
 Reuter

Jan 31 end
    Shr 45 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 8,349,000 vs 6,187,000
    Sales 126.7 mln vs 103.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 1.29 dlrs
    Net 28.1 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Sales 485.9 mln vs 388.9 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net includes three cts shr gain from sale
of assets.
 Reuter

State holding company &lt;Societa Finanziaria
Telefonica Spa> (STET) said it was forming a new
telecommunications company, &lt;Teleo Spa> that intends to offer
electronic mail systems among its services.
    Teleo plans initial investments of 18 billion lire and
estimates annual sales could reach 90 billion lire within five
years, STET officials said at a news conference.
   STET will have a 10 pct stake in the new firm, with the
remaining share capital held by two STET subsidiaries.
 Reuter

 said it named
Trio-Tech International Pte Ltd, of Singapore, as exclusive
distributor of Accugraph's computer-aided design and
manufacturing software for Singapore, the Philippines,
Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei.
    Financial terms were undisclosed.
 Reuter

 1986 results,
which were at the upper end of market expectations, showed the
company was in a strong position and that its shares were
probably undervalued, share analysts said.
    BAT shares were down at 524p in late afternoon trading
after a previous 535p close. They touched a high of 538p
earlier on news of a 19 pct rise in annual profits to 1.39
billion pre-tax.
    Stock market analysts said today's generally weak stock
market plus unwinding of positions after heavy buying of BAT
shares in the run-up to the results caused the fall in the
share price.
    "In the current market, people almost expect companies to
beat expectations," said one analyst, adding that pretax profits
of 1.35 to 1.40 billion stg had been forecast.
    BAT's 1986 figure of 1.39 billion stg compared with a 1985
pretax profit of 1.17 billion.
    Brokers noted that BAT's shift away from its
underperforming industries and the decreasing share of the
tobacco portion of the group were seen as good signs.
    BAT Chairman Patrick Sheehy told a news conference that the
tobacco sector of the company had declined to 50 pct from 74
pct four years ago.
    Sheehy said he could see the tobacco portion of the company
declining further as other sectors increased in importance.
    He said BAT was looking to expand in the area of financial
services, in particular in the U.S.
    Sheehy also said the group had "no sizeable acquisitions" in
sight in the near future.
    Analysts said BAT's increasingly good performance in the
U.K. Insurance area was encouraging.
    Its declining debt-to-equity ratio of currently about 16
pct also made it likely that BAT would soon be looking to make
major acquisitions, they said.
 Reuter

Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said the United States will not stand idly by and let Japan
dominate the world electronics market.
    Baldrige told the Senate Finance Committee the United
States would insist Japan open its markets to U.S. products as
the U.S. market is open to Japanese products.
    Asked after his testimony if this meant the United States
would close its markets to Japan if they did not open theirs,
Baldrige said, "I'm not prepared to say that, but it certainly
would be one of the alternatives studied."
    Baldrige said in his testimony Japan had a closed
supercomputer market and a restricted telecommunications
market.
    "I can only conclude that the common objective of the
Japanese government and industry is to dominate the world
electronics market. Given the importance of this market to U.S.
industry in general and our defense base in particular, we
cannot stand by idly," he said.
    He said it was these concerns about national security which
led him to express reservations over the proposed acquisition
of Fairchild Semiconductor by Fujitsu of Japan.
 Reuter

Canada's federal government
will provide a 350 mln dlr oil industry aid package that
includes cash incentives designed to cover one-third of a
company's oil and gas exploration and development costs, Energy
Minister Marcel Masse announced.
    The aid program will inject about 350 mln dlrs a year into
the oil and gas industry and could lead to more than one
billion dlrs in new investment, Masse told a news conference.
    The program will affect drilling done anywhere in Canada on
or after April 1, 1987.
    Masse told reporters that the government's oil industry aid
package is aimed at small and medium sized companies.
    The aid package, called the Canadian Exploration and
Development Incentive Program, will restrict the total payments
that any individual company can claim to 10 mln dlrs a year.
    Masse said the program will probably generate new
employment equivalent to 20,000 people working for a year.
    He said oil industry aid is needed because exploration and
development spending dropped by at least 50 pct since world oil
prices fell during the first half of 1986.
    Energy Minister Masse said the federal government decided
to provide cash incentives so a large number of non-tax paying
companies, mainly small Canadian firms, will receive the full
value of the incentive. Such companies would not immediately
benefit from tax benefits, he said.
    The federal government also wanted to deliver an aid
program outside the tax system. Finance Minister Michael Wilson
is now reviewing Canada's tax system and plans to announce tax
reform proposals later this spring.
    An important feature of the aid program is a decision to
let companies issue flow-through shares, allowing investors to
benefit from the subsidy rather than restricting benefits to
only participating companies, he said.
    Allowing flow-through shares under the program will make it
easier for companies to attract investors in exploration and
development, Masse said.
    He told reporters his department is still considering
whether to allow partnerships and other entities to qualify for
the subsidy.
 Reuter


******NASDAQ MARCH SHORT INTEREST WAS 184.9 MLN SHRS VS 215.7 MLN SHARES IN FEBRUARY
Blah blah blah.



Unisys Corp said it received a 4.5 mln
dlrs computer order from Rikskatteverket, the Swedish
equivalent of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.
    The computer is planned for delivery in May this year and
will be installed in the agency's Stockholm headquarters.
 Reuter

The annual growth of Australia's m3
money supply rose by 11.2 pct in the year ended February
compared with January's 10.7 pct, the Reserve Bank said.
    This was down from 14.0 pct in February last year.
    In February m3 rose by 0.6 pct compared with 0.8 in January
and a February 1986 rise of 0.1 pct.
 More

Qtr ended Feb 28
    Shr 17 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,041,000 vs 3,329,000
    Revs 46.6 mln vs 48.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 65 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 9,290,000 vs 12.7 mln
    Revs 142.7 mln vs 139.8 mln
 Reuter

Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said the central bank has no intention of cutting its discount
rate again as a way of preventing the yen's rise.
    He told a press conference that the growth of Japanese
money supply remains high.
    The bank will have to watch closely various developments
resulting from its already eased monetary stance, such as the
sharp rise in real estate and stock prices, he said.
    Although the yen's rise will have a greater deflationary
impact on the economy, the economy is not likely to slow down
much further, Sumita said.
    "I don't think we should change our economic outlook at the
moment," Sumita said.
    Sumita has said in the past that he expects the economy to
show a gradual upturn in the second half of the year.
    The governor said the six major industrial nations are
expected to review last month's pact on currency stability when
they meet next in April.
    Dealers said they expect the six - Britain, Canada, France,
Japan, the U.S. Amd West Germany - to meet just before the
IMF/World Bank interim committee meeting in Washington starting
on April 9.
 REUTER

China's first joint venture bank, Xiamen
International Bank (XIB), reported a group net profit of about
14 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986, the bank's first full year of
operation.
    General manager Liu Shuxun declined to give a 1987 profit
forecast, saying targets were under study.
    Assistant general manager Wang Hongshan said the group's
outstanding loans at end-1986 totalled 620 mln Hong Kong dlrs,
up from 530 mln at end-1985. Deposits and interbank borrowings
rose to 680 mln dlrs from 550 mln, he told Reuters.
    Liu said most of the group's profit came from the parent
company rather than its two wholly-owned subsidiaries &lt;Xiamen
International Finance Co Ltd> in Hong Kong and &lt;Luso
International Bank Ltd> in Macao.
    The joint venture bank began operating in September 1985
but did not officially open until March 1986.
    Liu said the share in the joint venture of the foreign
partner, Hong Kong-listed &lt;Panin Holdings Ltd>, had been cut
last year to 49 pct from 60 pct. This was done because foreign
banks felt the XIB's reputation would be improved if the three
Chinese partners collectively held a majority stake, he said.
    Liu said news reports about problems concerning Panin were
unfounded, but he did not elaborate. Panin Holdings reported a
loss of 1.99 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986 after a net profit of
268,000 dlrs in 1985.
    The Chinese partners are Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China, Fujian branch, whose share rose to 23.5 pct from 15,
Fujian Investment and Enterprise Corporation 17.5 pct (15) and
Xiamen Construction and Development Corporation 10 pct (10).
    One foreign banker said Xiamen International Bank faced the
same problems as foreign bank branches in trying to compete on
unequal terms with state-owned banks.
    The foreign banking market in Xiamen is thin and almost
saturated, he added.
    Officials of the joint venture bank said they benefitted
from contacts made through its three Chinese partners. But the
foreign banker, who asked not to be named, said it faced
internal competition from the Industrial and Commercial Bank.
    Apart from Xiamen International Bank and the International
Agricultural Development Bank planned by the World Bank and the
state-owned Agricultural Bank of China, Xiamen has eight
foreign bank branches or representative offices, mostly of Hong
Kong or overseas Chinese banks.
 REUTER

Bangladesh recorded an overall balance of
payments deficit of 8.3 mln U.S. Dlrs in October against a
10.33 mln deficit in September and a 6.67 mln surplus in
October 1985, Central Bank officials said.
    The country's current account deficit narrowed to 10.69 mln
dlrs in October from 79 mln in September and 11.75 mln in
October 1985.
    The October trade deficit narrowed to 36.36 mln dlrs from
160 mln in September and 83.79 mln in October 1985.
 REUTER

The European Community (EC) has failed
to agree on a high-technology research program because of
opposition from Britain and West Germany, diplomats said.
    But Belgian Research Minister Guy Verhofstadt told
reporters the two had been given just over a week to end their
opposition or risk plunging EC research into a crisis.
    The so-called "Framework Program" proposed by the EC's
Executive Commission was designed to boost research in areas
such as computers, biotechnology and telecommunications and
combat U.S. And Japanese domination in these fields.
    The five-year program was due to start at the beginning of
this year, but was delayed by calls from Britain, France and
West Germany for cuts in the proposed budget of 7.7 billion
European Currency Units (Ecus), diplomats said.
    The EC Commission had already cut the budget from 10.5
billion Ecus, but under EC law the program needs the approval
of all member states before it can be launched.
    France has withdrawn its objections and backed a new
compromise budget proposed by Verhofstadt to trim spending.
    But Britain is continuing its demands for further, sharp
cuts in the budget.
    West Germany, which yesterday appeared to be ready to
accept the compromise, was also holding back.
    Verhofstadt, who chaired the lengthy meeting, said he had
given the two states until April 3 to withdraw their
opposition.
    But if one or both failed to do so, the EC would be left
without a research program, leaving no money for schemes such
as the EC's Esprit information technology drive.
    "If that happened ... There would be a grave crisis in
Europe's scientific and research policy," Verhofstadt said,
adding it could mean research teams being disbanded.
    Diplomats said West Germany was close to agreeing to the
compromise, which would limit new spending to 5.4 billion Ecus
by allowing for cash already set aside for future projects.
    The plan would also set aside at least 16 pct of the 5.4
billion Ecus for spending after the end of the five-year
program, they said. But Britain still maintained the
allocations were much too high.
    Britain's Research Minister Geoffrey Pattie faced a tough
fight to convince his government colleagues they should accept
an increase in spending beyond the 4.2 billion Ecu level so far
demanded by Britain, one diplomat added.
 REUTER

The Food Department will no longer
import sugar from April 1, senior officials of the Food and
Cooperatives Ministry and the Department told Reuters.
    They said the decision was taken after the Sugar Importers
Association asked that the sugar trade be further liberalised.
    "The Food Department will cease trading in sugar and will no
longer hold a buffer stock," a senior official said.
    He said the government has finalised an agreement with
E.D.F.Man (Sugar) Ltd under which E.D.F.Man will hold a buffer
stock on the government's behalf of 20,000 tonnes, against the
45,000 tonne buffer stock usually held by the Department.
    Officials said the size of the buffer stock has been
reduced because the private sector will hold its own stocks.
    The agreement with E.D.F. Man includes details such as
trigger pricing mechanisms, they said.
    Four months ago the Department allowed the private sector
to import sugar without government clearance. The Department
and the private sector each imported around 115,000 tonnes of
sugar last year, when national consumption was 280,000 tonnes.
    An Importers Association official said that "even if the
Department no longer imports sugar, we would not necessarily
buy more."
    This is because the Association would still have to compete
with the Cooperatives Wholesale Establishment (CWE), he said.
    The CWE is a semi-government body and the official said
arrangements are being made for state cooperatives and holders
of food subsidy stamps to draw their sugar from it, starting
April 1.
    Ministry officials said the CWE can either import sugar or
buy it from a local bonded warehousing scheme run by E.D.F. For
the past two years.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan will sell 300 billion
yen of government financing bills tomorrow under a 29-day
repurchase accord maturing April 24 to soak up a projected
money market surplus, market sources said.
    The surplus is estimated at 350 billion yen, due mainly to
excess bank holdings of yen funds after heavy dollar purchases
in the foreign exchange market yesterday, money traders said.
    The yield on the bills for sales to banks and securities
houses from money houses will be 3.9495 pct against the 3.9375
pct discount rate for one-month commercial bills and the
4.58/42 pct yield on one-month certificates of deposit today.
    The operation will put the outstanding bill supply at about
1,900 billion yen, money traders said.
 REUTER

The Bermuda registered &lt;Jardine
Matheson and Co Ltd> has indicated it would participate in a
local consortium led by Hopewell Holdings Ltd &lt;HPWH.HK> which
has proposed to build the second airport here, a Hopewell
statement said.
    Jardine Matheson will take up a five pct stake in the joint
venture which has presented the government with a 25 billion
H.K. Dlr infrastructure development plan for Hong Kong's
offshore island of Lantau.
    The proposal includes an airport, a deep-water port and
highways linking with Southern China.
    Hopewell, which initiated the proposal, owns a 20 pct stake
in the consortium. Chairman of the firm Gordon Wu said recently
he expects the airport to start operation by mid-1992 and the
whole project to be completed by 1993 if an approval for the
project is obtained within a year.
    Other partners of the joint venture comprise a combined 20
pct stake by Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HKG> and
Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HKG>, while Wu said at that time
the remaining 60 pct will be taken up by other interested
parties -- the public, and probably the Hong Kong and Chinese
governments.
 REUTER

Chad's military high command said
today troops killed 1,269 Libyan soldiers in routing a
5,000-strong force to capture Tripoli's major air base in
northern Chad on Sunday.
    In its first published casualty list from the fierce battle
for Ouadi Doum air base, the high command said 438 Libyans were
taken prisoner, while 29 Chadian soldiers were killed and 58
wounded.
    It said the prisoners included the regional commander,
Colonel Khalifa Abul-Gassim Hastar, while his deputy, Colonel
Gassim Ali Abu-Nawar, was among the dead.
    The Chadian army also captured substantial amounts of
weaponry, including 11 Czechoslovak-made L-39 bombers, three
Soviet MI-24 fighter helicopters and a large number of tanks,
as well as hundreds of other vehicles armed with guns or
anti-aircraft missiles.
    Following Sunday's battle, French officers said the fall of
Ouadi Doum deprived Libya of its only hard runway air base in
Chad. Its main strongpoint, Faya Largeau some 230 km (150
miles) north of the so-called "red line" along the 16th parallel,
was left increasingly exposed.
    The 16th parallel divides the central African country into
government-held zones in the south and mainly Libyan-controlled
areas in the north.
 Reuter

The Bank of Japan bought a modest amount
of dollars this morning, possibly around 200 to 300 mln,
dealers said.
    One dealer said the central bank bought about 200 mln dlrs
through brokers and the rest through banks. The buying began
when the dollar was at about 149.60 yen, and helped drive the
U.S. Currency up to around 150, he said.
    Another said the central bank seemed to be trying to push
the dollar up above 150 yen. But heavy selling at around that
level quickly pushed the dollar back down towards 149 yen,
dealers said.
 REUTER

Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said the central bank has no intention of cutting its discount
rate again as a way of preventing the yen's rise.
    He told a press conference that the growth of Japanese
money supply remains high.
    The bank will have to watch closely various developments
resulting from its already eased monetary stance, such as the
sharp rise in real estate and stock prices, he said.
    Although the yen's rise will have a greater deflationary
impact on the economy, the economy is not likely to slow down
much further, Sumita said.
    "I don't think we should change our economic outlook at the
moment," Sumita said.
    Sumita has said in the past that he expects the economy to
show a gradual upturn in the second half of the year.
    The governor said the six major industrial nations are
expected to review last month's pact on currency stability when
they meet next in April.
    Dealers said they expect the six - Britain, Canada, France,
Japan, the U.S. Amd West Germany - to meet just before the
IMF/World Bank interim committee meeting in Washington starting
on April 9.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it had revised
its forecast of the liquidity position in the money market
today to a surplus of 150 mln stg after it estimated a flat
position earlier this morning.
 REUTER

China's Premier Zhao Ziyang said the
country must continue to reform its "irrational" price system
although this will mean price rises and cause living standards
for some people to fall.
    Zhao said China's price system is irrational due to
"prolonged negligence of the law of value and due to the rigid
and excessive state control."
    "The prices of farm products, energy, raw and semi-finished
materials and other primary products have long been too low and
many products have long been in short supply," he said.
    Price reforms are necessary to "establish a new vigorous
socialist economic structure, to effectively promote production
and commodity circulation and provide correct guidance to
consumption," Zhao added.
    Reforms are bound to lead to a rise in the general price
level but will only be implemented after careful studies so as
to keep the increase within the capacity of society and the
people "to withstand the strain."
     He said the general price level will rise in 1987 less
than in 1986, with price increases of a very small number of
products.
 REUTER

Brazil's new Planning Minister is
Anibal Teixeira de Souza, the former head of a national welfare
program, the government said.
    Teixeira replaces economist Joao Sayad, who last week
became the latest victim of the turmoil in Brasilia over
government economic policy.
    Sayad disagreed with Finance Minister Dilson Funaro on a
range of policy issues and submitted his resignation.
 Reuter

The cost of living in North
Rhine-Westphalia, Germany's most populous state, fell 0.1 pct
in the month to mid-March to stand 0.5 pct lower than at the
same time a year earlier, the regional statistics office said.
    Prices had risen 0.3 pct in the month to mid-February but
had fallen 0.7 pct year-on-year.
    The regional figures are considered a good guide to
national inflation trends. The Federal Statistics Office is due
to publish provisional national figures for March by the end of
this month.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it drained
liquidity from the money market when it sold 167 mln stg of
treasury bills due March 27 at rates between 9-9/16 and 10 pct.
    Earlier, the bank estimated a surplus of around 250 mln stg
in the system today.
 REUTER

Hong Kong's Attorney General Michael
Thomas said he decided not to prosecute Alan Bond, chairman of
&lt;Bond Corp International Ltd> (BCIL), for giving misleading
information about the firm because the case was weak.
    He told the Legislative Council there had been widespread
misunderstanding, speculation and unfair distortion of the
reasons for the decision.
    "Even if there is evidence that tends to prove the necessary
ingredients of an offence, a bare prima facie case is,
generally speaking, not enough to warrant a prosecution," added
Thomas.
    The Attorney General's office said last month it will not
prosecute Bond for his statements that the net asset value per
share of properties owned by BCIL should be 2.60 H.K. Dlrs
instead of 1.10 dlrs stated in the firm's prospectus.
    The decision followed a public apology by Bond that his
remarks were misleading about BCIL, owned 66.2 pct by the
Australia based Bond Corp (Holdings) Ltd &lt;BONA.S>.
    Thomas dismissed a suggestion that he had compromised not
to prosecute Bond if an apology was published but added: "its
publication ultimately was a factor I took into account when
subsequently I decided not to prosecute."
 Reuter

The Amsterdam Stock Exchange, engaged
in a reform program to boost competitiveness, said it is
launching a modernisation drive of its operational systems.
    The move, announced one day after news of a first step
toward integration of financial market supervision in the
Netherlands, will involve new transaction and clearing and
settlement systems.
    In addition, the bourse's Amsterdam Interprofessional
Market (AIM) information system will be updated in short term
with software provided by the Chicago Midwest Stock Exchange.
    The Amsterdam bourse is also studying the possible
acquisition of Midwest Exchange software for a new
order-routing system, a statement said, noting the market here
remains firmly committed to the preservation of a trading
floor.
    "The Bourse management feels that, despite the discussions
triggered by the intended closure of the trading floor in
London, preparations for an overhaul of the trading floor in
Amsterdam have to continue," the statement said.
    The operational modernisation of the Amsterdam Stock
Exchange follows several liberalisation measures aimed at
stemming the flow of business to markets abroad.
    The liberalisation, particularly the introduction of
off-floor trading in stocks and bonds on a net-basis under the
AIM system, has been described by bourse officials as
Amsterdam's "little bang," a reference to sweeping reforms last
October on the London Stock Exchange known as Big Bang.
    AIM, started in a trial run early last year and officially
in force from January 1 this year, is already credited with
halting the growth in Dutch stocks traded abroad, mainly
London.
    Amsterdam, which feels an on-floor facility with fees is
vital for smaller investors, said it needs to overhaul the
floor to accommodate new technology and new members.
    A new floor layout and order-routing system should be ready
sometime next year, the statement said.
    It said it was also planning a new on-screen Central
Securities information System with prices from international
exchanges, including the U.S. And Japan, stock information and
company news.
    Yesterday, the bourse announced it would start coordinating
this summer market supervision with the options and futures
trade in the Netherlands as a first step toward a unified
financial markets watchdog. In addition, the bourse, options
and gold futures price lists will be merged this April.
    Transactions in Amsterdam are still processed with a now
outdated punch card system while price information stemming
from the larger off-floor deals done through AIM are not yet
integrated in the bourse's big board.
    A bourse spokesman said the exchange hoped to launch its
screen information service by 1989, but added this service did
not have first priority.
    At present, bourse price information and company
information announced by the bourse are published by a printer
service while a select number of prices is available via
teletext.
 REUTER

Cherokee Group said it
has filed for an offering of 2,500,000 common shares, including
700,000 to be sold by shareholders, through underwriters First
Boston Inc &lt;FBC> and American Express Co &lt;AXP> unit Shearson
Lehman Brothers Inc.
    It said it will use its proceeds to repay bank debt, for
capital spending and for general corporate purposes including
possible acquisitions.
 Reuter

Shr six cts vs five cts
    Shr diluted four cts vs four cts
    Net 654,000 vs 532,000
    Revs 32.5 mln vs 35.2 mln
    1st half
    Shr 11 cts vs nine cts
    Shr diluted eight cts vs six cts
    Net 1,181,000 vs 953,000
    Revs 62.7 mln vs 74.6 mln
 Reuter

The Hartford Fire Insurance Co, a
unit of ITT Corp, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the shelf sale of 210 mln dlrs in class c and d
preferred stock.
    It said proceeds would be used to redeem class a stock.
    The First Boston Corp and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets
were named underwriters.
 Reuter

Hadson Corp said it has signed a
definitive agreement to acquire 85 pct of the outstanding
common stock of Seaxe Energy Corp.
    The company said it will buy the 85 pct interest in Seaxe
from shareholders owning restricted or controlled shares for
less than 200,000 Hadson common shares.
    It said closing is subject to the approval of title
assignments by the French government.  Seaxe is involved in oil
and natural gas exploration and development in the Paris Basin
of France.
 Reuter

 is considering
issuing a eurobond of up to 384 mln dlrs, convertible or with
warrants attached for exercise into its shares still with banks
after the placement of the Libyan stake last autumn, the
financial daily Handelsblatt reported, quoting bourse sources.
    The newspaper gave no other details. But dealers said
shares of Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> had been strong in recent
days, partly on hopes that the issue would allow the bank to
place its Fiat quota with investors at a reasonable price.
    Deutsche was lead underwriter for the 2.13 billion dlr Fiat
placement, announced on September 23.
    In Milan, a Fiat spokesman had no comment on the reports.
    A Deutsche Bank spokesman here said he had no knowledge of
a possible equity-linked Fiat bond. But German banking sources
said concern the bank had to take a hefty writedown for its
unplaced Fiat stock had weighed heavily on its share price.
    Milan share dealers also said Fiat stock had been under
pressure since the placement. Ordinary shares rose 20 lire to
12,880 today, but were well down from 16,600 on September 23.
    Sources close to Italian state-owned investment bank IMI
said earlier this month that a convertible issue was being
considered, but gave no details of the amount involved.
 REUTER

Tseng Laboratories Inc said it
expects first quarter 1987 sales to exceed total sales for the
entire 1986 year, and said it expects earnings for the quarter
to grow at a faster rate than sales.
    Tseng posted total revenues for 1986 of 4,255,731, and net
income of 258,125, or 1.4 cts per share.
    Jack Tseng, president of the company, attributed the high
expectations to increased orders from major costomers, as well
as accelerated business from its growing reseller network.
    Tseng posted first quarter 1986 sales of 549,950, and net
income of 19,163, the company said. (corrects cts per share)
 Reuter


******REICHHOLD CHEMICALS INC EXPLORING POSSIBLE SALE OF EUROPEAN SUBSIDIARY
Blah blah blah.




******UAL SAID DONALD TRUMP WAS INTERESTED IN UAL STOCK "AS INVESTMENT"
Blah blah blah.



BI Inc said it is implementing a
one-for-15 reverse split to shareholders of record today.
    It said any fractional shares will be redeemed for cash,
reducing its free-trading stock in public hands to 1,300,000
shares from 20 mln and its total shares outstanding to
1,993,000 from 29.9 mln.
    Shareholders approved the reverse split in October.
 Reuter

Shr 10 cts vs five cts
    Net 512,000 vs 230,000
    Revs 16.8 mln vs 9,025,000
    Year
    Shr 55 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,662,000 vs 1,541,000
    Revs 57.5 mln vs 32.3 mln
 Reuter

External Affairs Minister Joe Clark
today vowed to do everything possible to fight the U.S. action
against Canadian potash exports, but also warned against
raising the alarm too early in the dispute.
    In the latest flashpoint in Canadian-U.S. trade relations,
the U.S. International Trade Commission ruled unanimously
Monday that Canadian potash shipments valued at 270 million
U.S. dlrs last year were injuring the U.S. industry.
    "We certainly intend to do everything we can to insure that
Canadian interests are well protected," Clark told the House of
Commons in the daily question period.
    But he said the opposition parties should be careful "not
to raise false alarms too early."
    The case now goes before the U.S. Commerce Department's
trade division to determine if a duty should be imposed. Potash
producers from New Mexico, claiming unfair government
subsidies, are seeking a 43 pct tariff on Canada's shipments.
    Canada, the world's largest potash producer, exported 9.8
mln metric tonnes of potash last year, with nearly a third
going to the U.S.
    Most of the potash, used in the production of fertilizer,
comes from provincially owned mines in Saskatchewan.
    In the Commons, Liberal member Lloyd Axworthy branded the
ruling as just another "trade harrassment" from the U.S. and
criticized Clark's assurances the country's interests would be
protected.
    "We received exactly the same kind of assurances in the
softwood lumber case that was totally fumbled and bumbled,"
Axworthy said.
    Canada's Progressive Conservative government agreed to
impose a 15 pct duty on its softwood lumber exports earlier
this year to end a long and bitter bilateral trade dispute with
the U.S.
    Axworthy urged the government to present Canada's case to
world trade authorities under the General Agreement on Tariffs 
and Trade.
    But Clark maintained the potash dispute was another example
of why Canada needs to find a new way to settle bilateral
irritants in the free trade negotiations under way with the
U.S.
    "What we are seeking to do is put in place a better
system," Clark said.
    Meanwhile, Saskatchewan Trade Minister Bob Andrew expressed
confidence Canada would win its case, claiming the problem
stems from low international commodity prices and not
government subsidies.
    "The reality of the problem and the injury is caused
worldwide," he said. "It's caused by a downturn in the
commodity price for fertilizer, whether it's potash fertilizer,
nitrogen fertilizer or whatever."
 Reuter

The United States may soon ease its
1987 sugar import quota of one mln short tons by bringing
forward to the third quarter some shipments scheduled for the
fourth quarter of 1987, Jerry Huckaby, a leading Congressman
representing sugar growers told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, a Louisiana Democrat and chairman of the House
subcommittee which deals with the sugar program, indicated the
easing of the quota might be a way to calm the concern about
the impact of the severe cut in U.S. sugar imports this year.
    "With imports coming down from 1.8 mln (last year) to one
mln, there is legitimate concern about the impacts on Caribbean
countries and the Philippines," Huckaby said.
    By bringing forward to the third quarter some imports, the
quota would effectively be eased by about 250,000 tons.
    Huckaby said by simply bringing forward to the third
quarter of the year sugar imports scheduled for the September
to December period "we could get away without having to
increase the quota."
    He noted that some in the sugar industry believe an
increase in the quota is justified.
    Earlier this month, representatives of U.S. cane sugar
refiners met with U.S. Agriculture Department officials to
request a quota increase of at least 200,000 tons. The refiners
said the increase is needed because the quota is so restrictive
there could be some spot shortages of sugar in the U.S later
this year, a refiner spokesman said.
    However, the official slaid the USDA replied only that it
would consider the request.
    Following the refiners' request, representatives of the
Florida sugarcane producers met with USDA to express opposition
to any quota expansion, industry sources said.
    The statement by Huckaby, who as a representative from a
sugar growing district in Louisiana is a leading architect of
the current sugar program, indicates at least some grower
officials are concerned enough to support an easing of the
import quota, industry officials said.
    Any final decision on easing the quota must be made by the
Reagan administration's interagency sugar policy group.
    Asked about possible quota changes, A USDA official said
"As far as I know, changing the quota volume or the quota year
is not under active consideration."
 Reuter

Trinidad and Tobago is
finalizing arrangements with Union Carbide &lt;UK> of the United
States and Snamprogetti of Italy for the construction of a
1,500 tonnes per day methanol plant, Energy Minister Kelvin
Ramnath said.
    Ramnath said the ministry is now holding talks with Union
Carbide on the price of natural gas to be used in the plant,
which will be constructed near the Trinidad and Tobago oil
company (Trintoc) refinery at Point Fortin on the west coast.
    Snamprogetti built the first methanol refinery on trinidad
five years ago.
    Trintoc is likely to put up land, refinery plant and
machinery as equity. If negotiations go smoothly, ramnath said,
construction could begin by next january.
    The government of prime minister A.N.R. Robinson is hoping
to lue new investors to the twin-island state's petrochemical
industry, in order to make use of new findings of natural gas.
 Reuter

Brazil's new planning minister is
Anibal Teixeira de Souza, the former head of a national welfare
program, the government said.
    Teixeira replaces economist Joao Sayad, who last week
became the latest victim of the turmoil in Brasilia over
government economic policy.
    Sayad disagreed with Finance Minister Dilson Funaro, the
most important minister for economic affairs, on a range of
policy issues and submitted his resignation.
 Reuter


******Current exchange rates almost within levels agreed by major nations - Sumita
Blah blah blah.



The Dutch Central Bank said it
allocated 4.183 billion guilders at tender for the new 5.3 pct,
nine-day special advances.
    Bids were fully met for the first 200 mln guilders and for
40 pct above.
    The new advances for the period March 25 to April 4,
replace current 5.3 pct, five day advances totalling 4.003
billion guilders which expire today.
    Money brokers said yesterday they expected the Bank to
allocate about 3.5 billion guilders.
 REUTER

Abbey National, the second largest
building society in the U.K., Said it has arranged a one
billion dlr euro-certificate of deposit program.
    It said this is the largest such program to date for a
building society and the first to be denominated in U.S.
Dollars.
    Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd is lead manager and arranger
for the program and will act as a dealer, along with Shearson
Lehman Brothers International, Swiss Bank Corp International
Ltd and S.G. Warburg and Co Ltd.
    Abbey National has been very active in the international
capital markets ever since building societies were permitted by
law to tap the wholesale markets.
    The building society's general manager, finance, James
Tyrrell, said in a statement the program is part of Abbey's
strategy of spreading its funding option from what has recently
been medium/long term into shorter term instruments.
    He said this also widens Abbey's investor base.
 REUTER

Almost 150 people were killed when
Afghan aircraft raided a number of Pakistani villages on
Monday, Pakistani officials said.
    The toll in Teri Mangal in Kurram Agency rose to 81, about
45 people were killed in Lwarai Mandi in North Waziristan
Tribal Agency and 23 died in Angur Adar, South Waziristan, the
officials said.
    The Soviet-backed Afghan government has not commented on
the reports.
 REUTER

Egypt purchased 46,000 tonnes of
optional origin sunflowerseed oil at its import tender
yesterday, all for May arrival, traders said.
    The business comprised 41,000 tonnes of crude sunflowerseed
oil in bulk at prices ranging from 344.25 to 348 dlrs and 5,000
tonnes of refined oil in drums at from 517.50 to 522.50 dlrs
per tonne, cost and freight Alexandria, delivered quality
terms.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it had not
operated in the money market during the morning session.
    Earlier, the Bank revised its forecast of the liquidity
position in the system today to a surplus of 150 mln stg from
its original estimate of a flat position.
 REUTER

Singer Co said it has signed a
12-year contract with Texas Air Corp's Continental Airlines Inc
unit to lease Continental an aircraft simulator for flight crew
training.
    Singer said it will also market training on the simulator
to other airlines.
    The company said initially it will provide a simulator for
McDonnell Douglas Corp's MD-80 but will replace that simulator
in 1988 with one for the MD-82.
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it revised up
its forecast of today's surplus in the money markets to 250 mln
stg from its earlier estimate of a 150 mln.
    The central bank has not operated in the market today.
 REUTER

Shr 48 cts vs four cts
    Net 882,000 vs 82,000
    Sales 968,000 vs 784,000
    Six mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 970,000 vs 202,000
    Sales 2,001,000 vs 1,521,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes a gain of 26 cts a share from the
sale of a funeral home, and tax credits of 20 cts. 1985 net
includes tax credits of one cent in the quarter and 3.7 cts in
the six months period.
 Reuter

Horizon Bank said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split, payable April 21 to
holders of record April Seven.
 Reuter

General Electric Co said &lt;BioReactor
Technology Inc> obtained its rights to an experimental
technique for analyzing blood samples to detect disease
antibodies.
    General Electric said BioReactor will attempt to develop
test market kits from the advances made by General Electric.
    General Electric said it granted the rights to BioReactor
because the innovation, first announced in 1972, did not fit
into the company's long-range product plans.
    In exchange for the patent, GE said it will receive an
unspecified interest in the company.
               
 Reuter

Shr 82 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 4,200,000 vs 3,954,000
    Sales 58.7 mln vs 60.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.68 dlrs vs 2.47 dlrs
    Oper net 13.8 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Sales 274.3 mln vs 276.8 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes loss 1,120,000 dlrs from
discontinued operations and loss on disposal of 922,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Unisys Corp introduced two new
mainframe computers, new workstations, and other products.
    The company said the V510 and V530 large-scale computers
offer up to a four-fold increase in performance over existing V
series.
    Customer deliveries of the new models, aimed at business,
government and financial markets, are planned for the fourth
quarter of 1987 and the first quarter of 1988.
    Base price of the V510 system is 950,000 dlrs and the V530
system is based priced at 1,775,000 dlrs, the company said.
    Speaking at a press conference, Joseph Kroger, Unisys vice
chairman, said the new product introductions are the first
concrete examples of the increased resources of the merged
Burroughs and Sperry.
    He said the company had exceeded its goal of cutting costs
by 150 mln dlrs in the first year after the merger, and reduced
debt by nearly two billion dlrs, more than the originally
expected 1.5 billion dlrs.
    In addition to the mainframes, Unisys introduced an
addition to its B25 family of desktop computer systems. The new
system, the B38, will make greater use of its Intel Corp &lt;INTC>
microprocessor using available software.
    The B38 is available for immediate delivery with a base
configuration price of 8,375 dlrs.
    The company also introduced new software products,
interconnect capabilities, and a laser printer.
 Reuter

India is reported to have bought two
white sugar cargoes for April/May shipment at its tender today
near 227 dlrs a tonne cost and freight and could be seeking a
third cargo, traders said.
    A British operator is believed to have sold one of the
cargoes, while an Austrian concern is thought to have featured
in the second cargo sale, they said.
 Reuter


******JOHNSON SAYS FED'S ACTIONS YESTERDAY MEANT TO STABILIZE DOLLAR AT CURRENT LEVELS
Blah blah blah.



Nippon Signal Co Ltd is planning to
issue 50 mln Swiss franc notes with warrants, lead manager
Morgan Stanley and Co Inc said.
    It said details would be released tomorrow.
 REUTER

Shr 24 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 380,325 vs 211,183
    Sales 5,046,578 vs 3,941,764
    NOTE: Current year net includes gain from sale of Sterling
Heights, Mich., plant of 174,000 dlrs.  Another 698,000 dlrs of
gain from sale sale has been treated as deferred income.
 Reuter

The Securities and Exchange
Commission sanctioned the national accounting firm KMG Main
Hurdman for improper professional conduct.
    It said the New York firm consented to the entry of the
commission's order without admitting or denying the finding.
    The proceedings arose from a 1982 audit of the financial
statement of the First National Bank of Midland, Texas, and
1983 and 1984 audits of financial statements of Time Energy
Systems, Inc, Houston.
    Midland was declared insolvent in 1983.
    The SEC ordered that any new review of Main Hurdman
procedures to include the adequacy of consultations between the
firm's main office and its local offices and the implementation
of the firm's policies.
    It said the Midland office conducted the Bank audit,
although some senior partners in New York were consulted, and
its Houston office conducted the Time Energy audits.
    The SEC said also that Main Hurdman agreed that if it is
acquired by a larger firm, its practices will be integrated
into the combined firm, including training programs and quality
control reviews.
 Reuter

Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 1,064,489 ca 780,712
    Assets 106.8 mln vs 102.5 mln
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter

The Bank of Japan bought a modest amount
of dollars this morning, possibly around 200 to 300 mln,
dealers said.
    One dealer said the central bank bought about 200 mln dlrs
through brokers and the rest through banks. The buying began
when the dollar was at about 149.60 yen, and helped drive the
U.S. Currency up to around 150, he said.
    Another said the central bank seemed to be trying to push
the dollar up above 150 yen. But heavy selling at around that
level quickly pushed the dollar back down towards 149 yen,
dealers said.
 REUTER

Matsushita Electric Industrial Co Ltd
&lt;MC.T> said it will issue a 200 billion yen unsecured
convertible bond in the domestic capital market through public
placement with Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd, Nomura Securities Co
Ltd, Nikko Securities Co Ltd, Daiwa Securities Co Ltd and
National Securities Co Ltd as underwriters.
    Coupon and conversion price for the par-priced bond
maturing on September 30, 1996, will be set before payment on
May 2.
    This issue equals in size a record one by Toyota Motor Corp
last December.
    Matsushita's shares closed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange at
1,640 yen, down 50 from yesterday.
 REUTER

Shr 53.51p vs 45.72p
    Div 8.8p vs 7.35p making 14.3p vs 12.1p
    Turnover 19.17 billion stg vs 17.05 billion
    Operating profit 1.48 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Pretax profit 1.39 billion vs 1.17 billion
    Tax 524 mln vs 430 mln
    NOTE - The company said shareholders would be given the
option of receiving dividend in cash, ordinary shares or
combination of the two.
    Operating profit includes -
    Commercial activities 1.08 billion vs 988 mln
    Financial services 263 mln vs 135 mln
    Share of associated companies 139 mln vs 163 mln
    Investment income 150 mln vs 166 mln
    Interest paid 238 mln vs 286 mln
    Minorities 76 mln vs 63 mln
    Extraordinary credit 75 mln vs 34 mln debit
    Transfer to revaluation reserve 85 mln vs 106 mln
    Profit attributable 793 mln vs 673 mln
    Required inflation retention 77 mln vs 147 mln
    Trading profit 1.51 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Trading profit includes -
    Tobacco 764 mln vs 738 mln
    Retailing 211 mln vs 186 mln
    Paper 217 mln vs 168 mln
    Financial services 282 mln vs 135 mln
 REUTER

Net foreign assets of Swiss banks rose
by 3.5 billion Swiss francs to 71.2 billion francs in the
fourth quarter of 1986, due to increased interbank business and
purchases of foreign securities, the Swiss National Bank said.
    Assets rose 5.3 billion to 205.0 billion while liabilities
climbed 1.8 billion to 133.8 billion. For 1986 as a whole,
assets rose by 11.9 billion and liabilities by 3.0 billion.
    The level of fiduciary funds invested abroad rose by 3.2
billion to 223.0 billion, the first rise since the third
quarter of 1985. Funds invested in such accounts from abroad
were up by 3.2 billion to 180.7 billion.
 REUTER

Taiwan's M-1B money supply rose a
seasonally adjusted 48.22 pct in the year to end-February,
after rising 54.96 pct in the year to January, a central bank
spokesman said.
    Month on month, M1-B fell 5.19 pct from January.
    Unadjusted February M1-B was 1,168 billion dlrs against
1,232 billion in January and 788 billion in February 1986.
    Money supply grew faster in January because the central
bank issued more currency for bonus payments made to workers at
the Lunar New Year, which fell on January 29 this year, banking
sources said.
 REUTER

Taiwanese investment in the U.S. Is
expected to nearly double to 80 mln U.S. Dlrs in calendar 1987
and rise to 400 mln dlrs a year by 1991, a five-year forecast
by the Economic Ministry showed.
    Taiwanese investment in the U.S. Last year totalled 46 mln
dlrs, the ministry document said. The investment was mainly in
electronics, trading, food and service industries.
    Lee Ming-Yi, deputy director of the ministry's Industrial
Development and Investment Centre, said the forecast rise is
due to planned government incentives and growing willingness
among Taiwanese to invest abroad.
    Lee told Reuters the incentives, to be introduced in May or
June, include bank loans and a reduction in capitalisation
requirements for businesses seeking to invest in the U.S. To 10
mln Taiwan dlrs from 20 mln.
    He said the moves to encourage investment in the U.S. Are
part of Taiwan's efforts to cut its trade surplus with
Washington, which rose to a record 13.6 billion U.S. Dlrs in
1986 from 1985's 10.2 billion.
    Taiwanese manufacturers can create jobs for Americans and
avoid import quotas if they set up plants in the U.S., He
added.
 REUTER

Belgian public debt rose a nominal
89.5 billion francs in February to 5,591.1 billion francs, and
compared with 5,074.2 billion in February 1986, the finance
ministry said in its monthly statement.
    It said after taking into account operations with the
International Monetary Fund and foreign exchange fluctuations,
the figure corresponding to the government's net financing
requirement in February was 86.0 billion francs.
    This is below the February 1986 figure of 91.1 billion
francs.
    However in the first two 1987 months, the amount
corresponding to the net financing requirement was 184.2
billion francs against 183.9 billion in the same period of
1986, the Ministry said.
    The Belgian government is aiming to cut the financing
requirement for the whole of 1987 to around 420 billion francs
from 561 billion last year through a major spending cuts
program.
 REUTER

Governments of major Asian
producing countries have welcomed the conclusion of a new
International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA), but growers and
traders are unhappy with the development, according to views
polled by Reuter correspondents.
    Officials in Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand, which
produce the bulk of the world's rubber, said they expected the
new pact to continue to stabilise prices and help their rubber
industries remain viable in the long-term.
    But traders and growers said they were against the new pact
because its buffer stock mechanism was likely to interefere
with free market forces and prevent sharp rubber price rises.
    The new INRA, to replace the current one which expires on
October 22, was formally adopted by most of the world's
producers and consumers in Geneva last Friday.
    It will be open for signature at the U.N. Headquarters in
New York from May 1 to December 31 this year and will enter
into force provisionally when ratified by countries accounting
for 75 pct of world rubber exports and 75 pct of world imports.
    Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik said
the formal adoption of a new pact had dispelled fears of
liquidation of some 360,000 tonnes of INRA buffer stock rubber
and a possible depression of prices.
    He expressed confidence that the new INRA would continue to
keep prices stable by selling or buying rubber as prices rose
or fell through its buffer stock system.
    Malaysia was also happy that in the new INRA financing of
purchases for the normal buffer stock of 400,000 tonnes and a
contingency buffer stock of 150,000 tonnes would be done
through direct cash contributions from members, he said.
    Under the existing pact, members can borrow from banks to
finance INRA's buffer stock purchases. This has been viewed
with concern by some members who fear the INRA may become
indebted and ultimately face collapse, like the International
Tin Agreement.
    "This will ensure the buffer stock operation is carried out
without any financial encumbrance," Lim said.
     Malaysia, the world's largest producer, was seeking
cabinet approval to join the new INRA and hoped other producers
and consumers would also become members, he said.
    Officials in Jakarta said the new pact would bring benefit
to Indonesia's rubber industry's by stabilising prices.
    It was unlikely to collapse like the tin agreement because
its new financial provisions had been tightened, they said.
    Thai officials told Reuters they were optimistic the new
pact was viable because it strictly limited the extent of debt
the INRA buffer stock manager might commit to his market
operations.
     Malaysian growers, however, said they preferred a free
rubber market because an INRA had a tendency to keep prices at
levels that were only acceptable to consumers.
    "With the INRA's ability to keep prices at a certain stable
level, consumers are assured of rubber at almost a fixed price,
while producers may never see sharp price rises," a Malaysian
Rubber Producers Council source told Reuters.
    Producers also wanted a free rubber market without the
overhang of a 360,000 tonne INRA buffer stock which had
psychologically prevented price rises, he said.
    State plantation officials in Sri Lanka said prices had
been depressed since INRA's inception and the creation of a
buffer stock, and they seemed unlikely to rise.
    Sri Lanka should not be a member of the INRA because it was
expensive to maintain a buffer stock, they added.
    Traders in the region, meanwhile, said prices might be
pressured by the new pact in the long term as its potential to
stabilise prices and buffer stock capacity would spur producers
to produce more.
    Most Malaysian and Singapore traders said the new pact's
conclusion had little impact on prices and it was unlikely to
allow sharp price fluctuations in future.
    "The 360,000 tonnes in the INRA buffer stock must be
liquidated and a free market returned," a Malaysian trader said.
    Japanese traders said the new pact had a chance for success
as most world producers and consumers had adopted it, but they
questioned the ability of some financially-strapped producers
to finance buffer stock operations.
 REUTER

Shr 10 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 146,000 vs 230,000
    Revs 3,766,000 vs 3,271,000
    Avg shrs 1,458,000 vs 1,125,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 15 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 212,000 vs 653,000
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 9,561,000
    Avg shrs 1,458,000 vs 1,125,000
 Reuter

CPC International Inc officials said
the sale of the company's European corn wet milling business
will remove about 700 mln dlrs of debt and liabilities from
CPC's balance sheet.
    They told analysts the deal, expected to close in
September, and cash flow from other operations will reduce
total debt by about one-third this year. At the end of 1986,
CPC's debt totaled about 1.5 billion dlrs.
    The officials also said the company has no current plans to
sell its U.S. or North American corn wet milling businesses.
    CPC's 1987 capital spending is budgeted at about 250 mln
dlrs, down from about 361 mln dlrs last year, the officials
told analysts.
 Reuter

South Africa's new foreign debt
agreement sparked a rally in local financial markets, but
bankers and economists said the pact removes only one source of
anxiety from a still depressed economy.
    "We have not gone from 'no confidence' to 'full confidence'
yet," commented one banker, who saw the agreement as having
marginal influence on fundamental economic problems.
    Money market analysts cited the debt renegotiation as the
main impetus behind increases today in both the commercial and
financial rand.
    The commercial rand, used for current account transactions,
rose 0.5 cts to 49 U.S. Cts while the financial rand jumped
nearly two cts to 33 U.S. Cts.
    All equity and fixed investment flows of foreigners take
place through the financial rand, which is considered the main
barometer of South Africa's attractiveness to overseas
investors.
    Analysts predicted the debt arrangement plus further gains
in the gold price could push the commercial rand over 50 U.S.
Cts and the financial rand to 35 cents in the next few weeks.
    They said the financial rand in particular was being driven
by a tentative provision in the new debt agreement that could
favorably affect the currency.
    Foreign creditors may get permission to convert loan
balances and short-term claims into equity investments in South
Africa.
    Finance Minister Barend du Plessis said the Reserve Bank
was "investigating the implications of such conversions in light
of terms and restrictions of the financial rand system."
    Du Plessis in disclosing the new agreement last night said
the recent sharp rise in the financial rand was an example that
"some foreign investors are again taking a more realistic view
of South Africa."
    Terms of the debt agreement call for South Africa to repay
1.42 billion dlrs of 13 billion dlrs of frozen debt over the
next three years. The agreement extends a standstill
arrangement, expiring June 30, that has been in place since
August, 1985.
    Bankers said the repayment amounts essentially confirmed
their private estimates and could be comfortably met by the
monetary authorities.
    "They (creditors) asked for the maximum amount and we
offered the minimum," said one banking source, reacting to
reports from London that creditors were hoping for larger
repayments.
    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said South Africa
should have "no difficulty whatsoever" with the terms.
    Economists said the debt agreement would have no
significant impact on economic problems continuing to face
South Africa including high rates of inflation and
unemployment, labour unrest and political uncertainty.
    Johannesburg Stock Exchange president Tony Norton, speaking
yesterday before the debt agreement, said the economy was "in
bad shape" and there was "an awful lot of talk but little action"
to cure serious problems.
 REUTER

NEC Corp is establishing a 150 mln dlr
euro-commercial paper program with a sterling option, Morgan
Guaranty Ltd said as arranger.
    Paper will be issued by NEC Industries Netherlands BV under
the guarantee of NEC Corp.
    Dealers will be Morgan Guaranty, Chase Investment Bank Ltd,
Shearson Lehman Brothers International and Swiss Bank Corp
International Ltd.  Issuing and paying agent will be Chase
Manhattan Bank NA, London.
 REUTER

Vista Organization Ltd said its board
has formed an office of the president.
    The company said the office includes Mark S. Germain, who
is primarily responsible for administration and corporate
policy, Herb Jaffe, who heads motion picture operations, and
Gabriel Katzka, who is in charge of television operations.
 Reuter

P.H. Glatfelter said its
board increased its quarterly dividend on its common stock to
14 cts per share, from 12.5 cts per share the prior quarter.
    It said the dividend is payable May 1, 1987, to
shareholders of record April 15, 1987.
    In addition, the company said it authorized the repurchase
of up to an additional one mln shares of its common stock.
    On March 27, 1985, the board had authorized the repurchase
of up to two mln shares, as adjusted for a two-for-one split,
effected in April 1986, the company said.
    The company said 521,508 shares may still be repurchased
under the 1985 authorization. It added any shares repurchased
would be added to the treasury and will be available for future
issuance.
    The company said it has no present plans to issue any of
the shares which may be repurchased. The company said it
presently has 24,614,352 common shares outstanding.
 Reuter

Reichhold Chemicals Inc said
it is exploring the sale of its stake in its European
subsidiary Reichhold Chemie AG.
    Reichhold Chemie Ag, headquartered in Rausen, Switzerland,
had sales in excess of 75 mln dlrs last year. It is 83 pct
owned by Reichhold. The rest is owned by German and Swiss
shareholders.
    Reichhold said it is seeking the sale to focus on its
adhesives business.
 Reuter

RB Industries Inc said it completed
the sale of its W and J SLoane Division to Laurence Crink Jr
and a group of investors.
    The definitive agreement provides for a closing on April 1,
1987. The division consists of four W and J Sloane furniture
store in Los Angeles and Orange counties.
    RB Industries also said it recently secured a five-year
8.573 pct secured 9.9-mln-dlr loan on its Irvine property from
a major institution. Proceeds will be used to retire existing
bank debt, for working capital and to retire a portion of its
outstanding 12 pct debentures.
 Reuter

Shr 37 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 2,776,000 vs 2,756,000
    Sales 46.9 mln vs 38.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,508,000 vs 5,550,000
    Year
    Shr 58 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 4,021,000 vs 3,005,000
    Sales 125.9 mln vs 112.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,090,000 vs 5,500,000
 Reuter

Travelers Mortgage Services Inc, a
unit of Travelers Corp, is issuing nearly 75.2 mln dlrs of
mortgage pass-through certificates, said sole manager Morgan
Stanely and Co Inc.
    The certificates have a 6-1/2 pct coupon and initial price
of 89.6 for a bond equivalent yield of 8-1/2 pct. Morgan said
the certificates will be reoffered at various prices and have
an average life of 9.6 years.
    Principal and interest will be payed each month beginning
May 25. Standard and Poor's is expected to rate the
certificates AA, Morgan said.
     
 Reuter

The investor group seeking to acquire
GenCorp Inc said it agreed to cancel a court hearing after
GenCorp withdrew three proposals that, if approved, would have
made it more costly and difficult to acquire the Akron,
Ohio-based company.
    Earlier today GenCorp said it will not ask shareholders to
approve an increase in the number of its outstanding shares,
the election of a staggered board of directors and the
elimination of cumulative voting.
    However, the group said it will continue to try to block
GenCorp's poison-pill provision.
    The group, a partnership of AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG> and
&lt;Wagner and Brown>, was to go to court on March 27 to block
GenCorp for having the three proposals voted on by shareholders
at its annual meeting.
    GenCorp said it withdrew the proposals so that it could
focus its attention on the takeover offer.
    The takeover partnership said it has asked to meet with
GenCorp to negotiate a repeal of the company's poison pill
plan.
 Reuter

Taiwan will tender Thursday, March 26,
for a total of 356,000 tonnes of U.S. number two yellow corn
(14.5 pct moisture) for various Sept/Dec shipments via Gulf or
Pacific Northwest ports, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter

PS Group Inc said it and
USAir Group agreed to move up the completion date of USAir's
acquisition of Pacific Southwest Airlines to April 30 from
September 30 originally.
    If the acquisition does not take place by April 30, either
party may terminate the agreement, the company said.
    The deadline has been moved up because the Department of
Transportation and PS Group shareholders have already approved
the transaction, the company said.
    A Teamsters Union agreement to certain labor contract
conditions remains to be resolved under the pact.
 Reuter

Chapman Energy INc said it is launching
a major restructuring which, if not approved, it will have no
alternative but to seek protection under Chapter 11.
    Under the plan, Chapman will exchange securities and cash
for all outstanding 12 pct senior subordinated debentures due
2000 and will sell a controlling interest to Troon Partners
Ltd.
   The agreement with Troon requires Troon to advance 6.5 mln
dlrs partially secured by a first mortgage lien on the
company's interest in its natural gas pipeline partnership and
Troon to tender 100,000 principal amount of debentures to
Chapman.
    Proceeds of the loan will be used for the cash portion of
the restructuring. Troon will acquire a majority stock interest
and control of the board.
    In addition, Chapman and Troon will establish a 10 mln dlrs
acquisition joint ventures, it said.
    The plan also contemplates establishing a restructured loan
providing for one master credit agreement having an aggregate
balance of 22.4 mln dlrs.
    The plan also contemplates the recapitalization of
preferred stock whereby each share will be converted into three
shares of common stock.
    Chapman also said it also plans to negotiate settelment and
discharge of a substantial portion of its accounts payable and
settlement of certain litigation.
    If approved by various creditors and shareholders, the
company expects the plan to be completed by May 29.
    Chapman also repoted a loss of 43.4 mln dlrs for the year,
including asset writedowns of 35.5 mln dlrs, compared to
December 31, compared to a net income of 177,243 in 1985.
    The 1986 loss resulted in shareholders' deficiency of 15
mln dlrs compared to shareholder's equity of 28.9 mln last
year.
    Total assets decreased to 35.6 mln dlrs from 81.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Former Chinese Communist Party chief Hu
Yaobang attended a parliamentary session in his first public
appearance since his dismissal in January.
    Hu took his place on the platform of the auditorium of
Peking's Great Hall of the People as 3,000 delegates gathered
for the opening meeting of the National People's Congress
annual session.
    Hu was dismissed from the top Communist Party job after
being accused of "mistakes" including a failure to combat Western
political ideas.
 REUTER

The Finance Ministry has accepted a
decision by the securities industry to expand the share of
foreign brokers in the 10-year bond underwriting syndicate to
5.73 pct from 1.19 pct now, a ministry spokesman said.
    Earlier this month, the ministry approved a plan to expand
the securities industry's share in the syndicate to 26.2 pct
from 26 pct from April to allow six foreign securities firms to
participate, he said.
    The banks' share in the syndicate will be cut to 73.8 pct
from 74 pct from April.
    Each of the original 17 foreign brokers had a 0.07 pct
share, but the securities industry said in a report accepted by
the ministry that it decided to raise the share of some foreign
firms due to their commitment to the Japanese market.
    Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd will have one pct, while S.G.
Warburg and Co Ltd, Goldman, Sachs International Corp, Jardine
Fleming (Securities) Ltd, First Boston Corp, Merrill Lynch
Securities Co and Morgan Stanley and Co Inc will each have 0.5
pct.
    Vickers da Costa Ltd and Smith Barney, Harris Upham
International Inc will each have 0.3 pct. Kleinwort, Benson
Ltd, Kidder, Peabody and Co Ltd, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc,
Deutsche Bank AG and W.I. Carr, Sons and Co each get 0.1 pct.
    Bache Securities (Japan) Ltd, Hoare Govett (Far East) Ltd
and J. Henry Schroeder Bank and Trust Co and the six new
syndicate members -- E.F. Hutton International Inc, Shearson
Lehman Brothers Asia Inc, Dresdner Bank AG, Swiss Bank Corp
International Asia Inc, Sogen Security Corp and Swiss Union
Philips and Drew Ltd -- will each have a 0.07 pct share in the
securities industry.
 REUTER

Jiangsu Tobacco Corp and &lt;Celanese
Fibres Operations Ltd> yesterday established China's first
cigarette filter joint venture, the Nantong Cellulose Fibres
Co, the China Daily said.
    The joint venture factory, due to start operations in 1989,
will be able to produce up to 10,000 tonnes of cellulose fibre
annually, it said. Cellulose fibre is the main component of
cigarette filters, which China has always imported.
    It said Celanese Fibres owns 30.68 pct of the Jiangsu
province-based joint venture which has a total investment of
35.17 mln dlrs.
 REUTER

Vietnam will resettle 300,000 people on
state farms known as new economic zones in 1987, to create jobs
and grow more high-value export crops, the communist party
newspaper Nhan Dan said.
    Yesterday's edition, received here today, said Vietnam
would invest one billion dong, including the costs of
relocation, in 272 new economic zones. About one third of that
sum would be spent on export crops such as coffee, tea, rubber
and pepper in the Central Highlands, it said.
    Since 1975, Vietnam has resettled about three million
people from cities and crowded river deltas to the zones.
 REUTER

Enserch Inc is issuing 100 mln dlrs of
convertible debt due October 4, 2002 carrying an indicated
coupon of six to 6-3/8 pct and priced at par, Salomon Brothers
International said as lead manager.
    Enserch's stock closed at 22-1/2 last night on the New York
Stock Exchange. The conversion premium is indicated to be 20 to
23 pct. The securities are non-callable for three years.
    There is a 1-1/2 pct selling concession and two pct
combined management and underwriting fee.
 REUTER

Malaysia's net external borrowings
for 1987 are expected to be maintained at around last year's
levels of about 1.45 billion ringgit, Zain Azraai, secretary
general to the Finance Ministry, told an investment seminar
here.
    Malaysia's debt service ratio will also be maintained at "a
level no higher than 20 pct," he said. "This is well within the
capacity of the nation to service."
    Azraai said the 1986 foreign borrowing level and projected
estimates of 1987 compared favourably with the peak of around
5.5 billion ringgit in 1982.
    Malaysia's external debts total 48 to 49 billion ringgit
and its debt service ratio exceeds 20 pct, the Development Bank
of Singapore Ltd, one of Singapore's four major local banks,
said in a report released this week.
    Azraai said: "While the growth in debt has been rapid in
recent years, it is still within the limits of prudence and
conscious efforts have been made and will continue to be made
to decelerate and restrain external borrowings."
    He said the Malaysian government is urgently addressing the
twin deficits of the Federal Budget and the balance of payments
which followed two recessions in the 1980s.
    Azraai said Malaysia's public sector deficit had risen due
to the contraction in the government's resources as well as the
rapid growth in public expenditures.
    With declining incomes and export earnings, the bases for
resource generation became limited, and the government will not
raise taxes because current tax margins are high compared to
Malaysia's neighbours, he said.
    "As such the remaining avenue for rationalising and
consolidating the budget is through expenditure reductions," he
said.
    Azraai said the Malaysian government's development
expenditures were cut by about 25 pct in 1987, while those of
state enterprises were reduced by 41 pct.
    He said: "A commitment has been undertaken to reduce the
budget deficit over time and to balance the Federal
government's budget current account deficit by 1989."
    Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin presented a
budget for 1987 which foresees a deficit of 9.4 billion
ringgit, down from 11.6 billion in 1986, with federal spending
targetted at 27.4 billion, down from 30.8 billion, and revenue
at 18 billion against 19.2 billion.
    Azraai said the government will cut the size of the public
sector and privatize those operations which may be better run
by the private sector. New measures have been introduced to
boost the private sector and attract foreign investment.
    A higher proportion of foreign ownership, even up to 100
pct, is now possible for new investments in the manufacturing
sector made between October 1986 and December 1990, he said.
    "The long term prospects of the Malaysian economy are bright
... Indications are already available to show that the economy
is recovering and that growth will be positive and stronger
than originally expected," Azraai said.
 REUTER

A strong performance from all BAT
Industries Plc's &lt;BTI.L> major sectors enabled the group's 1986
pretax profits to pass the one billion stg level for the third
year running, Chairman Patrick Sheehy said in a statement.
    The group earlier reported a 19 pct rise in profits to 1.39
billion, which Sheehy said was achieved without any help from
exchange rate fluctuations or acquisitions.
    Good results were achieved by its Argos and Saks Fifth
Avenue in retailing and by Wiggins Teape and Appleton in paper.
    Tobacco accounted for about 50 pct of profit with a four
pct gain to 764 mln stg and a two pct increase in world volume.
    The results were largely in line with analysts expectations
and BAT shares firmed by two pence to 537p at 0955 GMT.
    BAT said the U.S. Brown and Williamson unit held most of
its 1985 gains and increased profit 18 pct in dollar terms.
    Financial services saw profits double to 282 mln with both
Eagle Star and Allied Dunbar achieving further growth.
    Allied Dunbar reported a 51 pct rise in life annual
premiums to 39 mln stg. BAT said it increased new business by
38 pct in the last nine months after a relatively slow first
quarter. Its permanent health insurance was now the market
leader and its Unit Trust group was now the second largest in
the U.K.
    Eagle Star general premiums rose 32 pct to 1.03 billion.
Its life activities also grew 39 pct with better underwriting
results in the second half.
    Cash flow was strong and the gross debt to equity ratio
dropped to 41 pct from 51 pct. The net ratio, at 26 pct, left
the group strongly placed to pursue its further development.
    Profits from paper and pulp grew 29 pct to 217 mln stg,
nearly three times the 1982 level, with Wiggins Teape's sales
rising 36 pct to pass one billion stg.
    BAT said in 1986 it had sold 88 BATUS stores in the U.S.
For 644 mln dlrs and sold Grovewood Securities for 142 mln stg.
 REUTER

The U.S. Airline Brockway Air, a
subsidiary of &lt;Brockway Inc>, has signed an agreement with
Saab-Scania AB &lt;SABS ST> to buy five 34-seater Saab SF340
aircraft for an undisclosed price, with an option on a further
five, Saab said.
     All five will be delivered to the Burlington,
Vermont-based airline this year for use on Brockway's 22-city
service system.
    Saab said it now had 103 firm orders for the regional
SF340, 80 of which had already been delivered.
 REUTER

The Bank of Thailand is seeking Finance
Ministry approval to issue its first bond, central bank sources
said.
    The planned three billion baht issue would carry a term of
six months to one year as a short term move to mop up surplus
funds held by commercial banks.
    The issue would offer a coupon attractive to commercial
banks, which currently have an estimated 30 to 60 billion baht
in funds invested in low-yield securities, the sources said.
    The central bank, charged with supervision of commercial
banks, has previously issued only Finance Ministry bonds.
    Private bankers said they are awaiting a central bank
decision on whether to allow commercial banks to continue
holding up to 40 pct of their capital in foreign exchange or to
return it to 20 pct as scheduled.
    The six month 40 pct ceiling expires April 6 but the banks
want it extended for six more months.
    They said a forced cut in foreign exchange positions would
worsen the local liquidity problem as commercial banks would
have to convert about five billion baht worth of foreign
currencies in their portfolios into baht.
    Senior central bank officials suggested to reporters last
week that the foreign exchange ceiling will be lowered to
discourage banks' use of excess funds for currency speculation.
    Central bank sources said some commercial banks,
anticipating such a central bank decision, have been converting
their foreign currencies into baht this week and lending the
additional funds to the Bank of Thailand's short-term loan
repurchase facility.
    They said the Bank of Thailand's repurchase window
yesterday received offers of about three billion baht of
investment funds from commercial banks, three times its normal
daily amount.
    The repurchase window uses government bonds as an
instrument with which commercial banks can borrow from or lend
to the state bank.
    The facility is sometimes used by the central bank to set a
local short-term interest benchmark through fixing its bond
repurchase rates.
 REUTER

Oper shr 28 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Oper net 194,000 vs 1,255,000
    Sales 27.5 mln vs 30.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.68 dlrs vs 63 cts
    Oper net 1,880,000 vs 684,000
    Sales 100.5 mln vs 115.6 mln
    Avg shrs 700,086 vs 1,079,165
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes tax credits of 1,042,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,603,000 dlrs in year.
    Net excludes discontinued operations gain 330,000 dlrs vs
loss 385,000 dlrs in quarter and gain 485,000 dlrs vs loss
2,692,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter

Duriron Co Inc said it has
completed the acquisition of Valtek Inc for 11.75 dlrs per
share following Valtek shareholder approval yesterday.
 Reuter

Rowley-Scher Reprographics Inc
said it expects to report an operating loss and a loss from the
sale of its Mid South Repro subsidiary for the year ending
MArch 31.
    Last year, the company reported earnings of 977,000 dlrs.
    Rowley-Scher did not disclose details of the sale of Mid
South Repro.
    It said the sale has eliminated an unprofitable operation.
    The company also said it will open two new reprographic
centers in the Washington/Baltimore area within the next three
weeks, brining the total there to 11, and a new downtown Boston
location in the same time period, brining the number in the
Boston area to four.
 Reuter

Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 16
 Reuter


****** Bundesbank buys dollars for yen - Frankfurt dealers
Blah blah blah.



The Bundesbank bought large amounts
of dollars for yen in an apparent attempt to hold the dollar
above 149 yen, dealers said.
    The dollar intervention was in concert with some other
central banks, they said.
    Dealers said the Bank of Japan and Bank of England
supported the dollar against the yen earlier today and that
these two banks and the U.S. Federal Reserve were also active
yesterday.
    The Bundesbank declined to comment on the dealers' remarks.
    Dealers said the intervention underlined the determination
of central banks to keep currencies within recent ranges
following last month's agreement in Paris by six leading
countries to foster currency stability.
    One dealer said he had been repeatedly in contact with the
Bundesbank during the morning to see if it wanted to buy
dollars after the Japanese and U.K. Central bank moves.
    He said the Bundesbank told him it was observing the
situation to see if it should intervene in consultation with
other central banks.
    Since the Paris agreement on February 22 the dollar had
until yesterday traded in a 1.8150-1.8700 mark range, and above
150 yen, with traders reluctant to push the dollar down to test
central banks' resolve to defend currency stability.
    But the test came this week with the dollar falling below
1.81 marks and 150 yen. Dealers said a reviving trade dispute
between Washington and Tokyo and growing sentiment that the
dollar would have to fall further to narrow the obstinate U.S.
Trade deficit were behind the weakness.
    This week's intervention showed central banks were prepared
to cooperate to defend the Paris pact, dealers said.
    Dealers said it was significant the West German and British
central banks were supporting the dollar against the yen.
    That showed the pact involved multilateral cooperation by
central banks to foster currency stability, they said.
    But it was unclear how such cooperation was being arranged
and how frequent consultations between central banks were.
 REUTER

CPC International Inc officials said
the sale of the company's European corn wet milling business
will remove about 700 mln dlrs of debt and liabilities from
CPC's balance sheet.
    They told analysts the deal, expected to close in
September, and cash flow from other operations will reduced
total debt by about one-third this year. At the end of 1986,
CPC's debt totaled about 1.5 billion dlrs.
    The officials also said the company has no current plans to
sell its U.S. or North American corn wet milling businesses.
    CPC's 1987 capital spending is budgeted at about 250 mln
dlrs, down from about 361 mln dlrs last year, the officials
told analysts.
    They said the planned sale of the European corn wet milling
business, which is subject to reaching a definitive agreement,
will not result in much of change in this year's spending
plans.
    CPC is continuing to reduce corporate overhead costs by
streamlining operations in Latin America, its technical
laboratory operations in the U.S., and by completing the start
up of a new plant in Argo, Ill., they added.
 Reuter

Tseng Laboratories Inc said it
expects first quarter 1987 sales to exceed total sales for the
entire 1986 year, and said it expects earnings for the quarter
to grow at a faster rate than sales.
    Tseng posted total revenues for 1986 of 4,255,731, and net
income of 258,125, or 14 cts per share.
    Jack Tseng, president of the company, attributed the high
expectations to increased orders from major costomers, as well
as accelerated business from its growing reseller network.
    Tseng posted first quarter 1986 sales of 549,950, and net
income of 19,163, the company said.
 Reuter

Escagen Corp said an initial
offering of two mln common shares is underway at nine dlrs each
through underwriters led by &lt;Prudential-Bache Group Inc>.
    The company is purchasing the assets and business of
International Plant Research Institute and will apply plant
biotechnology to developing food products and planting
materials.
 Reuter

The European Community Commission
confirmed it granted export licences for 59,000 tonnes of
current series white sugar at a maximum export rebate of 45.678
European Currency Units (ECUs) per 100 kilos.
    Out of this, traders in West Germany received 34,750
tonnes, in the U.K. 13,000, in Denmark 7,250 tonnes and in
France 4,000 tonnes.
 REUTER

Southern Railway Co, a unit of Norfolk
Southern Corp, is raising 20.6 mln dlrs through an offering of
equipment trust certificates due 1988 to 2002, said lead
manager Morgan Stanley and Co Inc.
    Morgan headed a syndicate that won the certificates in
competitive bidding. It bid them at 98.252 and set a 7-1/4 pct
coupon and various reoffering prices for the maturities. Yields
range from 6.20 to 7-3/4 pct.
    Non-callable for life, the certificates are rated a
top-flight AAA by both Moody's and Standard and Poor's. Kidder
Peabody is co-managing the issue.
 Reuter

Apollo Computer Inc said it
entered into a joint marketing agreement with &lt;Palladian
Software Inc> to distribute an artificial intelligence software
package.
    Apollo said it will market the Palladian Management
Advisor, formerly known as the Financial Advisor, on Apollo
workstations.
    Apollo said the agreement signals the first time a general
business expert system is available for professional
workstations.
 Reuter

Net 105 mln dlrs vs 39 mln
    Sales 3.6 billion vs 2.6 billion
    NOTE: Wholly-owned by &lt;BASF AG> of West Germany.
 Reuter

Atlantis Group Inc said it has filed for
an initial public offering of 1,500,000 common shares and a 50
mln dlr offering of subordinated notes due 1997.
    The company said Robinson-Humphrey Co Inc and Sutro and Co
Inc will manage the share offering and American Express Co's
&lt;AXP> Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc and Robinson-Humphrey the
debt offering.  Proceeds will be used to reduce debt and seek
acquisitions.
    Atlantis is involved in plastics and furniture
manufacturing and in property-casualty insurance.
 Reuter

California Microwave Inc said
it will take non-recurring charges of 9.7 mln dlrs to pre-tax
earnings in the third quarter ended March 31.
    The company said earnings from operations in the second
half, ending June 30, 1987, excluding the charges, are expected
to be in the break-even range.
    In the second half of 1986 net earnings were 2,297,000
dlrs, or 29 cts per share.
    The company said the charges relate to its
telecommunications products area and three other areas.
    California Microwave previously estimated the write-downs
in the six to eight-mln-dlr range. It said it will add to that
a reserve for investment losses in Argo Communications Corp.
    Also to be included in the write-down are charges against
its advances to an Arizona-based communications electronics
firm the company has an option to acquire, it said.
    In addition, accruals are being made for costs associated
with the company's reduction in its Sunnyvale work force.
    California Microwave said the write-downs should have a
nominal cash impact, as the company already has paid for the
assets being written down.
 Reuter

Borg-Warner Corp said it has had
discussions with Irwin Jacobs on his interest in the
possibility of Minstar Inc &lt;MNST>, a Jacobs controlled company,
being given access to certain non-public information about
Borg-Warner.
    In late February, an investor group headed by Jacobs
offered 44 dlrs a share, or 3.29 billion dlrs, to take over
Borg-Warner.
    Borg-Warner said it advised Jacobs that before its board
would give Minstar access to company records Minstar would have
to provide satisfactory evidence that sufficient financing was
committed to carry out whatever transaction was proposed.
    A Borg-Warner spokesperson said the discussions with Jacobs
and other Minstar officials focused on terms and conditions
under which the company would consider granting Minstar access
to the information it was seeking.
    The Borg-Warner spokesperson said the company has not been
able to reach an agreement with Minstar, and Borg-Warner has
not granted Minstar access to any records.
    There can be no assurance that there will be further
discussions with Jacobs or that any agreement will be reached,
the company added.
 Reuter

Canadian Energy Minister Marcel Masse
will hold a news conference at noon est Wednesday, following a
meeting with his Alberta counterpart, Neil Webber, his office
announced.
    Published reports in Canada, quoting government sources,
said Masse will announce a major aid package for the province's
struggling energy industry.
    An unidentified Alberta member of Parliament said the plan
will include drilling incentives and tax measures.
 Reuter

Shr loss 44 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 2.4 mln vs loss 880,000
    Revs 2.4 mln vs 2.6 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 87 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 4.3 mln vs loss 494,000
    Revs 9.0 mln vs 12.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 includes restructuring charges of 2.1 mln dlrs
and loss of foreign affiliates of 2.0 mln dlrs. 1985 includes
loss from foreign affiliates of 173,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Tandon Corp said Sears
Roebuck, through its Sears Business Centers, continues to be a
customer of Tandon for its products.
    The company said it was issuing the statement in response
to a published report that quoted unidentified industry sources
as saying Sears Business Centers will shortly discontinue
carrying Tandon computer products.
    Tandon noted, however, that while the Sears relationship is
important, in the first quarter of 1987, ended December 28,
1986, sales to Sears accounted for less than two pct of the
company's total revenues of 76.44 mln dlrs.
 Reuter


******Miami-Brazil says it expects to make no interest payments before March 31
Blah blah blah.



 said it
plans for a one-for-five bonus issue for both its "A" and "B"
shares following an earlier report of a 44.7 pct jump in 1986
net profits to 1.78 billion H.K. Dlrs.
    The company also announced final dividends of 44 cents per
"A" share and 8.8 cents per "B" share against 32.3 and 6.5 cents a
year ago.
    It recorded extraordinary gains of 1.38 billion dlrs which
mainly derived from the sale in April of a 15.75 pct stake in
Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> in line with the
floatation of the airline.
 REUTER

Middle East currency dealers meet in
Abu Dhabi this weekend at a time of fundamental change in their
business, which has seen a growing volume of trade shift from
the Arab world to London.
    The 14th congress of the Inter-Arab Cambiste Association
also comes at a time when the prospect of a unified Gulf
currency system is more real that at any time this decade.
    Foreign exchange traders and bank treasurers said these
issues, and the slide of the Lebanese pound, can be expected to
be major talking points.
    About 250 traders and treasurers from some 115 banks --
including some in London and other major non-Arab financial
centres -- are expected to attend the conference which begins
on on Saturday.
    Bankers said it is hard to avoid the impression that a
growing proportion of transactions in the Saudi riyal market,
by far the largest in the region, is being carried out in
London.
    The market had been dominated by Saudi Arabia's 11 banks,
foreign exchange houses in the Kingdom and offshore banks in
Bahrain. But bankers said more and more Saudi and Bahrain-based
banks are boosting their treasury operations in London.
    As recession hit the Middle East and the need for trade
finance in the region declined, many offshore banks in Bahrain
ran down their currency operations. None of the four major U.K.
Clearing banks now has a dealing room on the island.
    The two major Bahrain-based international banks, &lt;Arab
Banking Corp> and &lt;Gulf International Bank BSC> have increased
their presence in London and Saudi banks are busy upgrading
representative offices to branch status to allow dealing.
    One economist said: "It is cheaper to run a riyal book in
London than staff an expensive offshore operation in Bahrain...
There is now the nucleus of a two-way market in London."
    Jeddah-based &lt;Riyad Bank> set up as a licensed deposit
taker in London in 1984, while its main rival in Saudi Arabia,
&lt;National Commercial Bank> (NCB) won a licence in November
1986.
    The major market maker has traditionally been London-based
consortium bank &lt;Saudi International Bank> but the kingdom
joint-venture &lt;Saudi American Bank> (SAMBA) also upgraded its
London operation to deposit taker status in mid-February.
    One senior currency trader in Riyadh said: "Inevitably the
volume of business in London has gained pace with the two new
licences for NCB and SAMBA, but there is no question that most
of the liquidity still rests in Saudi Arabia."
    Currency traders said the shift to London in the Saudi
riyal market is difficult to quantify.
    Bahrain Monetary Agency figures show regional currency
deposits held by offshore banks, most in Saudi riyals, dropped
to the equivalent of 12.2 billion dlrs at end-September 1986
from 13.4 billion at end-1985 and a 1983 peak of 15.0 billion.
    The shift has prompted changes in dealing habits. Riyal
trading in the Gulf on Saturdays and Sundays has become very
quiet with London closed while some Saudi and Bahrain banks now
staff offices on Friday, the Gulf weekend. Traders also expect
&lt;Arab National Bank> to step up London operations.
    Traders say it is difficult to foresee the riyal market
moving completely out of the region, partly because of local
demand and partly because of what is seen as the Saudi Arabian
Monetary Agency's (SAMA) desire to moderate
internationalisation of the riyal and protect it from undue
speculation.
    There have been far fewer signs of the Kuwaiti dinar market
shifting from its natural base of Kuwait and trading in Bahrain
and London is still limited.
    But for the first time since the formation of the six
nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) in 1981 there are signs
that a much mooted currency union could come into force soon.
    Currency traders said it remains unclear what form a final
currency union would take for the six states -- Saudi Arabia,
Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
    But plans to link the six currencies in a European Monetary
System style with a common peg have been discussed at high
level and could be a topic on the GCC's annual summit expected
to be held in Saudi Arabia late in the year.
    One dealer said: "A lot of exposure is being given to
discussions and plans appear to be quite advanced. But in the
end a political decision has to be taken to give the go-ahead."
    One open question is that of a common peg for currencies.
    The idea of linking the six currencies has been debated
since the start of the GCC. The Kuwaiti dinar is currently
linked to a basket of currencies while the other five
currencies are either officially or in practice linked to the
U.S. Dollar.
    Some traders said a currency union could mean speculation
against the Saudi riyal rubbing off on other Gulf currencies,
but plans call for a permitted divergence in the system of
7-1/4 pct, large enough to avoid sudden strains.
    Another topic for debate is expected to be the continued
slide of the Lebanese pound against the dollar and the
undermining of the effective capital base of Lebanese banks.
 REUTER

Shr 22.7p vs 20.3p.
    Final div 8.25p, making 11.75p vs 11p.
    Pre-tax profit 101 mln stg vs 92 mln.
    Attributable profit 45 mln vs 39 mln.
    Turnover 2.14 billion stg vs 2.11 billion.
 MORE

The yen could rise to 140 yen to the
dollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.
    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential Japan
Federation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), told
reporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).
The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economy
is not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."
    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.
Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as the
American situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," he
said.
    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,
Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,
including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.
    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters for
wage increases this year as a means of raising private
consumption and thus boosting domestic demand.
    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.
    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressing
the outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in addition
to hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic market
manufacturers through cheap imports.
    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsuki
said.
    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and a
downturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect service
industries, he said.
    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fully
employ those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, he
said.
    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall in
the business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possible
recession in the Japanese economy, he said.
    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyond
levels experienced in 1986.
    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last week
the economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performance
since 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil
price crisis.
    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost the
economy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of land
and reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along with
steps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said.
 REUTER

Brazil and its bank creditors failed to
achieve any breakthrough in debt talks here last night after
Brazil refused to say when it would resume interest payments.
    Central Bank governor Francisco Gros said after a meeting
with a 14-bank advisory committee that Brazil cannot make any
interest payments at this time, though it would do so "as soon
as we can."
    The talks came as the annual meeting of the 44-nation
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB), in which both Gros and
the bankers had been taking part, moved toward a close here.
    Bankers leaving the meeting with Gros declined to discuss
details of the talks, though some expressed satisfaction that
Brazil had agreed to continue working with the committee.
    At the same time, Gros told reporters not to expect any
dramatic developments before March 31, the date when some U.S.
banks have said they will take a decision whether to put Brazil
loans on a non-performing basis.
    Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68 billion dlr
foreign debt to commercial banks on February 20 and shortly
after announced it was freezing some 16 billion dlrs in
short-term credit lines.
    Banks are not obliged to declare these loans non-performing
before 90 days have elapsed, but the move to announce a
possible decision in this respect was viewed as a means of
exerting pressure on Brazil.
    The bank committee, headed by Citibank, had been pressing
Brazil to make at least a token payment of interest but Gros
said this was not possible right now.
    "We are not in a position to make a payment at this stage,"
Gros said.
    At the same time, the two sides reached a stopgap
arrangement on the short-term trade and money-market credit
lines, whereby the committee agreed to transmit a Brazilian
request to extend the lines for 60 days until May 31.
    Banks have been indicating they will not renew credit lines
in response to the Brazilian move.
 Reuter

A severe drought has affected 170,560
hectares of farmlands in six eastern and northeastern
provinces, Interior Permanent Secretary Pisarn Mulasartsathorn
said.
    He told reporters some 178,790 farming families in 45
districts in Chaiyaphum, Korat, Phrae, Chainat, Rayong and Trat
provinces were seeking relief water from the government.
    The official did not say what crops have been damaged.
    Senior Interior Ministry officials said this week the worse
than average drought this year has affected 14 provinces and
may last until early May.
 REUTER

Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts
    Pay April 24
    Record April 7
    Note: year ago adjusted to reflect March 19 three-for-two
stock split.
    (Washington Federal Savings and Loans Association)
 Reuter

Matsushita Electric Industrial Co Ltd
&lt;MC.T> said it will issue a 200 billion yen unsecured
convertible bond in the domestic capital market through public
placement with Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd, Nomura Securities Co
Ltd, Nikko Securities Co Ltd, Daiwa Securities Co Ltd and
National Securities Co Ltd as underwriters.
    Coupon and conversion price for the par-priced bond
maturing on September 30, 1996, will be set before payment on
May 2.
    This issue equals in size a record one by Toyota Motor Corp
last December.
    Matsushita's shares closed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange at
1,640 yen, down 50 from yesterday.
 REUTER

 said only about
852,000 shares of Cyclops Corp common stock, or 20 pct on a
fully diluted basis, were tendered and not withdrawn under its
bid for all shares that expired yesterday, but the companmy has
still decided to accept all shares validly tendered.
    The company said it now has about 22 pct ownership of
Cyclops on a fully diluted basis and expects to proceeds toward
completion of its proposed acquisition of Cyclops.
    Last week, before extending its Cyclops offer for one week
at the request of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Dixons had reported that 54 pct of Cyclops' stock had been
tendered in response to its 90.25 dlrs per share offer which
expired at 2400 EST yesterday.
    Yesterday, CAYACQ Corp dropped certain conditions of its
92.50 dlrs a share offer for Cyclops and firmed up the
financing for the proposed transaction. CAYACQ, an investor
group led by Audio/Video Affiliates Inc and Citicorp, raised
the value of its offer from 80 dlrs per Cyclops share on Friday.
 Reuter

China should tighten imports of ordinary
goods and restrict or even forbid import of goods which can be
made domestically, Premier Zhao Ziyang said.
    He told the National People's Congress, China's parliament,
that the country's foreign exchange is limited and must be used
where it is most needed. "We should expand production of import
substitutes and increase their proportion," he said. On exports,
China should increase its proportion of manufactured goods,
especially textiles, light industrial goods, electronics and
machinery, he said.
    Zhao said China should lower the cost of exports and
control the export of goods that incur too much loss.
    Zhao said China should work to provide a more favourable
investment environment for foreign businessmen.
 Reuter


******WASTE MANAGEMENT ENDS TENDER OFFER FOR CHEMLAWN
Blah blah blah.



NVHomes LP said its board declared
a two-for-one split of Class A units, payable to shareholders
of record on April 20.
    It said certificates will be distributed about two weeks
after the record date.
 Reuter

Oper shr 32 cts vs seven cts
    Oper net 2,599,000 vs 550,000
    Revs 94.4 mln vs 69.4 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 1,405,000 dlrs vs
3,538,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Perception Technology Corp said
it expects to take a charge of about 686,000 dlrs or 19 cts per
share against earnings for the second quarter ended March 31
due to the bankruptcy proceeding of customer T.C. of New York
Inc.
    Perception said it has outstanding lease receivables from
T.C. of about 2,480,000 dlrs.
    It said the exact amnount of the charge will depend on the
extent of recovery of the leased equipment involved and on
arrangements that might be made with the bankruptcy court on
the equipment.
 Reuter


******EC EXPORT LICENCES FOR 59,000 TONNES WHITE  SUGAR AT REBATE 45.678 ECUS - FRENCH TRADERS
Blah blah blah.




******HOUSE WAYS AND MEANS CMTE FINISHES WORK ON BILL TO TOUGHEN TRADE LAWS
Blah blah blah.



The House Ways and Means Committee
completed action on legislation to toughen U.S. trade laws,
chairman Dan Rostenkowski said.
    The committee's consideration of one of the most
controversial provisions, a plan to force major trade surplus
countries to cut their trade imbalance with the United States,
was deferred until the full House considers the trade bill, its
sponsor Rep. Richard Gephardt said.
    Gephardt, a Missouri Democrat, told Reuters he was not
certain the exact form his trade surplus reduction proposal
would take. Last year the House approved his plan to force a 10
pct surplus cutback each year for four years, by countries such
as Japan.
    The Ways and Means Committess' trade bill forces President
Reagan to retaliate against unfair trade practices that violate
international trade agreements but it allows him to wave
retaliatory tariffs or quotas if the action would hurt the U.S.
economy.
    The trade bill gives U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter more authority in trade negotiations and in decisions
to grant domestic industries import relief.
    It also gives him authority to decide whether foreign trade
practices are unfair and violate U.S. trading rights. These
powers are currently held by President Reagan.
    The administration has strongly objected to this transfer
of authority from Reagan to Yeutter.
    The bill also extends U.S. authority to negotiate
multilateral trade agreements. The bill will be wrapped into
other trade legislation and voted on in the House in April.
 Reuter

The Bristol and West Building Society is
issuing a 250 mln dlr multi-currency certificate of deposit
facility, said Kleinwort, Benson Ltd, one of the appointed
dealers.
 The other dealers will be Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd and Morgan
Guaranty Ltd.
    The maturities range from 28 to 364 days and denominations
will be 500,000 and one mln dlrs.
 REUTER

The Travelers Corp's Travelers
Mortgage Services said it signed a letter of intent to buy two
subsidiaries of the privately-held &lt;Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the U.S.>
    The company said it plans to acquire the Equitable
Relocation Management Corp and the Equitable Realty Network
Inc.
    The company said the acquisitions will give it broader
distribution of its corporate relocation service and mortgage
programs.
 Reuter

Qtrly div 41.5 cts vs 41.5 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 6
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve will probably
intervene in the government securities market to add reserves
today, economists said.
    They expected the Fed will supply temporary reserves
indirectly via 1.5 to two billion dlrs of customer repurchase
agreements.
    Fed funds hovered at a relatively high 6-1/4 pct this
morning after averaging 6.14 pct on Tuesday.
    Early this afternoon the Fed also is expected to supply
reserves permanently, effective Thursday, by offering to buy
all maturities of Treasury bills.
 Reuter

Phoenix Re Corp said an initial public
offering of 2,500,000 common shares is under way at 13 dlrs
each through underwriters led by American Express Co's &lt;AXP>
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc subsidiary and Advest Group Inc
&lt;ADV>.
    Phoenix Re was formed by Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co.
 Reuter

Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Market response to the Treasury's 24,500
billion lire offer of short-term treasury bills was mixed, with
three-month paper in strong demand but six and 12-month bills
undersubscribed, Bank of Italy figures show.
    Rates were unchanged on those indicated at the time the
offer was announced.
    The market was assigned all of the 3,500 billion lire of
three-month bills on offer after requesting a total of 4,695
billion. Effective net annualised compound yield on the bills
is 9.87 pct, down from 9.98 pct on the previous issue of
three-month paper.
    Of the 9,500 billion lire of six-month paper offered,
operators requested and were assigned 7,098 billion lire at a
net annualised compound rate of 9.24 pct, down from 9.30 pct
previously.
    The market requested and was assigned 8,584 billion lire of
the 11,500 billion lire of 12-month bills offered at a net
annual rate of 9.02 pct, down from 9.05 pct previously.
    The Bank of Italy took up a total 4,200 billion lire of the
remaining six and 12-month paper, leaving 1,118 billion lire
unassigned.
    The bills replace maturing paper worth 23,442 billion lire,
of which 20,321 billion lire is in the hands of market
operators and the remainder with the Bank of Italy.
 REUTER

Alex Brown and Sons Inc said an
Americus Trust for Merck and Co Inc shares was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Merck common stock tendered into an Americus Trust is
converted into trust units on a one-share-for-one-unit basis.
    Units may then be broken into their prime and score
components and traded separately.
    The prime entitles the holder to dividend payments and to
any stock price increase up to a limit of 200 dlrs for Merck
shares. The score components entitles holders to profit from
future price increases above 200 dlrs, it said.
 Reuter

Real estate magnate Donald Trump told
UAL Inc Chairman Richard Ferris that he was interested in UAL
stock as an investment, according to a UAL executive.
    Trump, who was unavailable for comment, is believed by
market sources to have a sizeable position in UAL, which he
began accumulating several weeks ago. UAL stock today was up
three at 63 in active trading.
    "They (ferris and Trump) talked last week. Apparently,
Trump said he was interested in it as an investment. He didn't
say how much stock he had. He didn't say what he would or
wouldn't do about it," said UAL senior vice president Kurt
Stocker.
    Trump is believed to have close to five pct of UAL's stock,
market sources said.
 Reuter

Shr 25 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 4,798,000 vs 5,380,000
    Revs 65.3 mln vs 58.2 mln 
    Avg shrs 19.2 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 84 cts vs 89 cts
    Net 15,750,000 vs 15,191,000
    Revs 262.1 mln vs 215.8 mln
    Avg shrs 18.8 mln vs 17.1 mln

 Reuter

ImmunoGenetics Inc said it has
entered the liposome technology field through its majority
owned subsidiary, Molecular Packaging Systems Inc.
    Liposomes are small sacks of lipid, or fat, membranes
arranged in layers like an onion. These sacks can carry a
variety of agents that are released over a period of time into
the body as the onion-like layers break down.
    It said Molecular has developed a versatile low-cost method
for encapsulating a broad range of health care and industrial
products, including human hemoglobin which transports oxygen in
the blood.
    Immunogenetics also said Molecular's liposomes, called
Micropak, can carry more than five times the amount of
particles than conventional liposomes.
    The company also said its technology for encapsulating
hemoglobin may prove helpful in preventing the spread of
hepatitis and the AIDS virus in blood transfusions as all
viruses and foreign agents are moved during preparation of the
hemogloblin.
 Reuter

Pacific Gas and Electric Co said
it will ask the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to change
federal regulations requiring the utility to buy electricity
from unregulated private producers.
    Prices paid for this power under long term contracts signed
before last year's fall in world oil prices now are more than
twice as high as the actual value of the electricity, Pacific
Gas said.
    Under the 1978 Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act
utilities are required to buy electricity from cogeneration
facilities, which produce both steam and electricity.
    Since 1980, Pacific Gas has signed power purchase
agreements, required by the law, with long-term price
guarantees for more than 8,480 megawatts of capacity from
private producers, the company said.
    About 1,870 MW of that capacity is already on line, and
accounted for about eight pct of the company's total energy
sales in 1986, Pacific Gas said.
    The company said it will ask FERC to amend the rules
requiring purchase of this power so that the price paid for the
electricity reflects current market values, and that utilities
be required to buy only electricity needed in the near term.
    Contracts with cogeneration and other small power projects
could cost Pacific Gas' consumers as much as 857 mln dlrs
annually by 1990, the company said.
    The 857 mln dlrs represents the difference between what
Pacific Gas would pay for power from private producers and the
cost to the company to produce the power on its own or buy it
elsewhere, Pacific Gas said.
 Reuter

Southwest Forest Industries said
union workers at its Snowflake, Ariz., pulp and paper mill
ratified a new three-year contract, ending a strike that halted
production at the facility on March 17.
    The new contract with the United Paperworkers International
and International Brotherhood of Electrical workers provides
for a wage and benefit increase of about three pct over three
years and increased employee contributions to health care
premiums, Southwest said.
    The mill, which has an annual capacity of some 282,000 tons
of newsprint and 159,000 tons of linerboard, is scheduled to
resume production on March 26, the company also said.
 Reuter


******ENCOR ENERGY CORP PLANS 125 MLN DLR DEBENTURE OFFER
Blah blah blah.



Emerson Radio Corp said it
has sold 33 mln dlrs of 8-3/8 pct senior notes due 1997 to
institutional investors.
    The company said prepayment provisions will make the
average life about seven years.  It said funds will be used to
help finance growth.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
raised Consumers Power's senior debt to BBB-minus from BB-plus
and its subordinated debt to BB-plus from BB-minus.
    The rating agency also affirmed Consumers Power's BB-minus
preferred stock and B-rated preference stock. The utility has
about 3.3 billion dlrs of debt outstanding.
    S and P cited rate relief stabilization in 1985, bank debt
restructuring and the implementation of cash conservation
measures.
    Plans to retire or refinance high-cost debt should improve
the company's credit quality, S and P added.
 Reuter

Oak Industries said it will
commence an exhcange offer for any or all of certain of its
debentures and notes.
    It said it is offering to exchange 660 shares of common
stock for each 1,000-dlr principal amount of its 4,139,000 dlrs
of outstanding 11-5/8 pct notes due September 15, 1990.
    It will also exchange 698 shares of common for each
1,000-dlr principal amount of 5,557,000 dlrs of outstanding
13-1/2 pct senior notes due May 15, 1990 and 612 common shares
for each 1000 dlrs of its 12,788,000 dlrs in 9-5/8 pct
convertible notes due September 15, 1991.
    The company said it is also offering 678 common shares for
each 1,000 dlrs of its 753,000 dlrs of outstanding 11-7/8 pct
subordinated debentures due May 15, 1998 and 595 common shares
for each 1,000 dlrs principal amount of its 6,572,000 dlrs of
10-1/2 pct convertible subordinated debentures due Feb 1, 2002.
    Oak said it will not make any cash payments to the
tendering holders.
    It said the common stock amounts have taken into account
accrued interest on the notes and debentures.
 Reuter

Combustion Engineering Inc said
it expects first quarter earnings to be 20 to 25 pct below the
year-ago 13.6 mln dlrs, mainly due to financing costs resulting
from the January 1987 acquisition of AccuRay Corp.
    The company said it has filed for an offering of four mln
common shares and 150 mln dlrs of subordinated debentures due
2017, with proceeds to be used to refinance the short-term bank
debt incurred for the AccuRay acquisition, to finance other
costs of the transaction and for general corporate purposes.
    Combustion said 3,500,000 shares will be sold in the U.S.
and the remainder overseas.
    Combustion paid about 218 mln dlrs for AccuRay, a maker of
computer-based measurement and control systems used in pulp and
paper mills.
    The company said it expects to release first quarter
results in the third week in April.
    Combustion said it expects further restructuring of core
businesses -- particularly Lummus Crest -- this year through
staff reductions downsizings and the consolidation of
facilities.
    Combustion said the restructuring at Lummus Crest is
expected to substantially reduce but not eliminate this year
losses in the Engineering and Construction segment.
    But it said improvement at Lummus Crest is expected to be
approximately offset by a number of factors, including a
somewhat lower level of earnings in the Power Generation
segment than in 1986, financing costs of the AccuRay
acquisition, costs associated with integrating AccuRay
technology and operations and delays in waste to energy
projects.
 Reuter


ARDEN INTERNATIONAL &lt;AIKI> =2 LARKVILLE
    NOTE: 1985 period ended December 28
    Earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations of
30,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 71,000 dlrs, or three cts a
share for the year
    Earnings exclude gains from tax loss carryforwards of
13,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 45,000 dlrs, or two cts a
share in the quarter and 28,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs
105,000 dlrs, or four cts a share for the year
 Reuter




CORRECTION - LONDON - CITIBANK LAUNCHES WARRANTS
    In London item "Citibank Launches Currency Warrants" please
read second paragraph as follows
    "Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs against marks at
1.8250 marks to the dollar or at 149.50 yen to the dollar
between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989."
    (Corrects dollar/mark exchange rate to 1.8250 and makes
clear that dollar purchase is against marks or yen.)
 REUTER



Columbia Gas System Inc said a
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission decision today on natural
gas cost recovery could reduce its 1987 earnings by about 1.25
dlrs a share.
    The company said "this could bring earnings for 1987 below
Columbia's stated goal of earning no less than its 3.18 dlrs
per share dividend." It earned 2.12 dlrs a share in 1986.
    It said management expects to recommend to the board that
the dividend rate be maintained in 1987.
    Columbia Gas said the impact of the FERC decision may be
offset by a one-time accounting change rleated to future tax
liabilities under the new federal tax laws.
    The company recorded these liabilities based on older,
higher tax rates, but an action being considered by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board could result in a gain of
about 1.20 dlrs a share in 1987, it explained.
    "Thus there is a good chance that we will attain our 1987
earnings goal -- although not in the way originally planned,"
Columbia Gas said.
    Columbia Gas said the FERC decision would limit the
recovery of certain gas contract costs by Columbia Gas
Transmission Corp, the company's principal pipeline subsidiary.
    It said the decision specifically excluded from a purchased
gas adjustment filing by the pipeline costs related to
amortizing payments made to producers to reform gas purchase
contracts. These were excluded on the grounds the subsidiary
failed to sufficiently support cost recovery.
    The company said its subsidiary is not precluded from
making a new filing to provide sufficient support.
 Reuter

Medar Inc said it
changed the end of its fiscal year to December 31 from March
31.
    The company, in reporting its annual results, said the
change was made to bring its financial reporting in phase with
the order cycle of its major customers.
    Medar earlier said it lost 558,800 dlrs in its final 1986
quarter, compared to a loss of 469,200 dlrs in the same 1985
quarter.
 Reuter

Shr 20 cts vs 20 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 14
    Record April 30
    Note: Full name Zenith National Insurance Corp.
 Reuter

Rubbermaid Inc said it completed
the previously announced acquisitions of Viking Brush Ltd, a
Canadian maker of brushes, brooms and other cleaning aids, and
the Little Tikes' manufacturing licensee in Ireland.
    Terms were not disclosed.
    The acquisition of the Tikes' licensee is part of the
expansion of Little Tikes in the European toy market.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded six U.S. money center bank holding companies,
affecting about 13.3 billion dlrs of debt securities.
    They are Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB>, Chemical New York Corp
&lt;CHL>, Irving Bank Corp &lt;V>, Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC>,
Mellon Financial Corp &lt;MEL> and Security Pacific Corp &lt;SPC>.
    S and P said the action on Chase, Chemical, Irving and
Manufacturers primarily reflected continued vulnerability to
lesser developed countries and median financial performance.
    Standard and Poor's said its downgrade of Chemical also
reflected that holding company's acquisition of Texas Commerce
Bancshares &lt;TCB>, which was just now approved by the Federal
Reserve.
    For Mellon and Security Pacific, S and P cited higher
non-performing assets and weaker operating earnings.
    The rating agency said it completed a review, based on 1986
results, of the largest U.S. bank holding companies. It paid
special attention to reassessing the effect of exposures to
lesser developed countries on the holding companies' earnings
and capital.
    "Brazil's unilateral moratorium on debt service payments
underscored the potential for polarization between bankers and
debtor countries," S and P said.
    S and P noted that while Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and
Venezuela each face unique economic problems, the lack of
progress toward moderating their debt service burdens has been
disappointing.
    However, the agency pointed out that a substantive
improvement in the large banks' financial positions has acted
as a counter-balance to the Latin American debt situation.
    Citing increasing financial strength, S and P said it
affirmed the debt ratings of Citicorp &lt;CCI>, Bankers Trust New
York Corp &lt;BT>, Bank of Boston Corp &lt;BKB> and J.P. Morgan and
Co Inc &lt;JPM>.
    S and P noted that most U.S. bank holding companies have
what it termed easily realizable capital resources available to
them, such as undervalued real estate, appreciated portfolio
securities and overfunded pension plans.
    "Most bank managements appear committed to improving the
quality of their balance sheets," S and P said, noting many now
emphasize long-term strategies over short-term earnings.
    Standard and Poor's reduced Chase Manhattan's senior debt
to AA-minus from AA, subordinated debt to A-plus from AA-minus
and preferred stock to A from A-plus. The commercial paper of
the parent and its unit Chase Manhattan Bank of Canada were
affirmed at A-1-plus.
    Chase has 3.2 billion dlrs of debt outstanding. It has 6.4
billion dlrs of loans to Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and
Venezuela - one of the highest exposures to lesser developed
countries among U.S. money centers.
    Chase's underlying profitability remains at median levels
because of its high expense structure, S and P said.
    S and P cut Chemical's and the unit Chemical New York
N.V.'s senior debt to AA-minus from AA and subordinated debt to
A-plus from AA-minus.
    About 1.2 billion dlrs of long-term debt was affected.
    The agency cited Chemical's relatively large exposure to
Latin American borrowers, particulary Brazil and Mexico,
continued high levels of nonperforming assets and the pending
acquisition of Texas Commerce.
    Aggregate exposure to Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and
Venezuela was almost four billion dlrs at year-end 1986, or 105
pct of equity and reserves, S and P pointed out.
    Irving's senior debt was reduced to A-plus from AA-minus,
with subordinated debt and preferred stock lowered to A from
A-plus. Its commercial paper was affirmed at A-111-1plus.
    Irving has about 500 mln dlrs of debt outstanding. Its
approximately 1.4 billion dlrs of loans to the four major Latin
debtor countries account for 110 pct of year-end equity and
reserves.
    S and P downgraded Manufacturers Hanover's senior debt to A
from A-plus, subordinated debt to A-minus from A and preferred
stock to BBB-plus from A-minus but affirmed its A-1 commercial
paper. The bank has 3.8 billion dlrs of debt.
    S and P noted that Manufacturers has about 6.7 billion dlrs
of loans to the major Latin debtor nations and has experienced
weak earnings.
    However, the unit CIT Group Holdings Inc's AA-minus senior
debt and A-1-plus commercial paper were affirmed.
    The rating agency cut Mellon's senior debt to A-plus from
AA and preferred stock to A from AA-minus. It has 1.1 billion
dlrs of debt securities.
    The commercial paper programs of Mellon Bank Canada and
Mellon Australia Ltd, guaranteed by the parent company, were
lowered to A-1 from A-1-plus.
    S and P cited continued lower operating earnings and rising
nonperforming assets and charge-offs for Mellon.
    Security Pacific's 1.7 billion dlrs of debt was downgraded.
Cut were its senior debt to AA from AA-plus, and subordinated
debt and preferred stock to AA-minus from AA.
    Security Pacific Overseas Finance N.V.'s debt issues were
reduced to AA from AA-plus. Affirmed were the parent's A-1-plus
commercial paper and the BBB-rated debt of the unit Security
Pacific Financial Systems.
    These actions reflected Security Pacific's continued high
levels of nonperforming assets and charge-offs, S and P said.
 Reuter

Chemical New York Corp and Texas
Bancshares Inc &lt;TCB> said the Federal Reserve Board approved
their proposed 1.19 billion dlr merger.
    The companies also said the Securities and Exchange
Commission declared effective as of March 24 the registration
statement covering the securities Chemical will issue to Texas
Bancshares shareholders as part of the merger.
    The companies said they expect to complete the merger,
which will create a bank with 80 billion dlrs of assets, by the
end of the second quarter. The merger still requires
shareholder approval.
   
 Reuter

Blizzard conditions in parts of the
west and southwest U.S. severely stressed beef cattle and
Kansas cattlemen are reporting death losses from the storm,
according to livestock associations in the area.
    Talk among futures traders that cattle had died from the
cold and blowing snow accounted for some of the strength in
Live Cattle futures at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange today.
    "Death (of cattle) can be directly attributed to the storm,
but it's hard to get a handle on a number," Todd Domer,
director of communications for the Kansas Livestock Association
said.
    Domer noted that limited reports have been filtering in of
death losses at feedyards and from grazing and cow/calf
operations. Western Kansas was hardest hit while Eastern Kansas
only had rain, he said.
    Paul Johnston of the Nebraska Livestock Feeders Association
said, "There's no question that baby calves coming in that kind
of blizzard are probably not going to make it."
    We were having such a nice winter and the cows were out
calving before the storm hit, he added.
    The worst part of the storm came through the center of the
state. Precipitation was generally in the form of wet snow and
some feedlots are already like "soup", he said, inhibiting
cattle movements.
    The storm also had an effect on weight gain of larger
animals. Drifting snow caused problems in moving feed and mud
made it hard for cattle to reach the feed once it was
available.
    Domer noted that feedyards sources say a tremendous cutback
has occurred in feed consumption by cattle in the yards, which
may or may not lead to sickness over the next several days.
Cattle reduced daily feed consumption to about 12 lbs from 25
during the worst of the blizzard, he said.
    Mud will be more a problem as the weather breaks and snow
melts. Mud adds to stress on full-grown animals and endangers
smaller ones which can fall and be trampled in pens. The cost
of feeding rises as animals generally consume more in cold
weather, Domer said.
    Domer said it will be at least 10 days before yards get
back to normal.
    Roy Gallant, from Accu Weather Services, said that although
the worst of the storm is over, there are still some strong
gusty winds which will not diminish until tonight.
    The storm started late Sunday night in West Kansas and is
just now winding down. The storm has moved into South Dakota,
parts of Minnesota and Eastern North Dakota, he said.
    Snow accumulations from the storm totaled six to 10 inches
in most sections and 12 to 18 in a few spots before moving
north. This equals 1/2 to 1-1/2 inches of water. Drifts of four
to six feet and up to 12 feet were reported, he said.
    There's a possibility of another storm brushing that region
tomorrow night and Friday, Gallant added.
 Reuter

Shr loss 20 cts vs loss 26 cts
    Net loss 798,289 vs loss 777,667
    Rev 262,738 vs nil
    Avg shares 3,930,360 vs 2,959,029
    Year
    Shr loss 96 cts vs loss 1.25 dlrs
    Net loss 3,202,355 vs loss 3,060,407
    Rev 676,341 vs nil
    Avg shares 3,339,174 vs 2,445,423
 Reuter

The Glass-Steagall Act separating
banking and securities activities in the U.S. is all but dead
following decisions by federal and state authorities, the
chairman of Bankers Trust Co asserted.
    "There are plainly nails in the coffin of Glass-Steagall,"
Alfred Brittain said in remarks prepared for delivery to a
meeting of bank and financial analysts.
    He noted the Federal Reserve Board is due to decide Bankers
Trust's application for a subsidiary that can underwrite
certain securities.
    Brittain said New York State bank regulators have welcomed
applications for affiliates of New York-chartered banks which
could underwrite corporate securities. And he said a U.S. Court
of Appeals upheld Bankers Trust's commercial paper business.
    He said eventually the financial services industry will see
fewer but bigger companies drawn from the ranks of the present
commercial banks, investment banks and conglomerates.
    On another topic, Britain called for a redefinition of the
role of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
    "I think we should return to the original purpose of FDIC
insurance -- to protect small despositors and not depository
institutions themselves," Brittain said.
    He suggested banks be permitted to offer both insured
deposits and uninsured deposits. High quality assets would be
segregated to back up insured deposits.
    He said big banks could then fail without draining the
insurance funds. "Stockholders could be wiped out, management
rmemoved and uninsured creditors could take their fair share of
any losses," he said. But insured deposits under 100,000 dlrs
would be protected.
 Reuter


******Sumita says further yen rise would adversely affect Japanese economy
Blah blah blah.



No action has been taken yet
on the Reagan Adminstration's offer to escort Kuwaiti oil
tankers through the Gulf, but the issue is being discussed,
U.S. Secretary of Defence Caspar Weinberger said.
    The offer was made to Kuwait in light of Iran's deployment
of Chinese-built missiles to cover the entrance to the Gulf.
    Weinberger told reporters prior to a speech at Texas
Christian University that he did not think Iran and the United
States were moving towards a potential conflict, adding that
the Straits of Hormuz at the mouth of the Gulf were still "free
water."
 REUTER

 said in a
statement it increased its pretax profits in 1986 despite a
fall in turnover due to lower foreign sales.
    The lower sales were due to the fall in the dollar and
other currencies against the mark. Other factors were pressure
on selling prices because of a sharp fall in the prices of
crude oil and petrochemical raw materials and the sale of
polystyrene business in the U.S. And Netherlands.
    World group pretax profit rose to 3.21 billion marks in
1986 from 3.16 billion in 1985, with sales falling to 38.01
billion from 42.72 billion.
    Within group turnover, foreign sales fell to 27.18 billion
marks in 1986 from 31.92 billion in 1985, a drop of 14.9 pct.
    The statement made no mention of net profit figures.
Hoechst will announce its dividend proposal on April 23.
    In the first quarter of this year sales were hit by the
cold weather at the start of the year. If the dollar continues
at present low levels, 1987 sales will again be below the
previous year, although in volume terms they are unchanged from
1986, Hoechst said.
    Sales of paints and dyes, fibres, sheeting and information
technology all rose in 1986 but plant construction sales fell.
    Hoechst attributed its good results to the performance of
the parent company, other units in West Germany, and to
&lt;American Hoechst Corp>.
    Improved earnings in the U.S. Largely reflected the
restructuring of styrene and polystyrene activities.
    Roussel Uclaf &lt;RUCF.PA> and most domestic non-consolidated
partners did not perform as well as in 1985.
    Hoechst attributed the 12 pct rise in parent company pretax
profits to 1.82 billion marks above all to a rise in earnings
from interest and holdings in other companies, and a fall in
extraordinary costs.
    The fall in raw material prices was not enough to
compensate for the decline in turnover due to lower prices and
currencies, Hoechst said.
    The bulk of the 2.53 billion marks investment in new
projects, up from 294 mln marks in 1985, went on the capital
increase of Hoechst Capital Corp in connection with the
acquisition of &lt;Celanese Corp>.
    Celanese was merged with American Hoechst in February to
form &lt;Hoechst Celanese Corp>.
 REUTER

Australia's largest company, The Broken
Hill Pty Co Ltd &lt;BRKN.S> (BHP), is expected to report a net
profit of around 600 mln to 620 mln dlrs tomorrow for the first
nine months ended February 28, share analysts polled by Reuters
said.
    This would be well below the 813.0 mln dlrs earned in the
first three quarters of 1985/86. In the full year ended May 31
1986 the group earned a record 988.2 mln dlrs.
    The analysts estimated that the group would report a third
quarter net in the region of 200 mln to 220 mln dlrs, against
238.6 mln a year earlier and 220.3 mln in the second quarter.
    BHP's earnings in the first half ended November 30 amounted
to 397.0 mln dlrs, sharply down from 589.3 mln a year earlier.
    The analysts predicted that BHP will report an upturn in
petroleum earnings compared with the first quarter, reflecting
some improvement in crude oil prices from the Bass Strait
fields, but these gains would be offset by lower mineral and
steel earnings.
    They said the mineral group has been hit by lower coal
prices and shipments to Japan while the steel division has been
affected by industrial and production problems.
    The analysts noted that the third quarter is normally BHP's
lowest-earning period owing to a number of seasonal factors,
and they predicted a sharp rise in fourth quarter net to around
300 mln dlrs.
    One key factor in the fourth quarter is expected to be a
tax break of some 70 mln dlrs for the investment allowance on
capital expenditure in the steel division, they said.
    They said they saw BHP's full year earnings at around 900
mln to 920 mln dlrs. They added that such a decline from
1985/86 would be no surprise, noting BHP has said that it would
be difficult to equal its record 1985/86 net profit.
 REUTER

The Nordic Investment Bank is issuing a
zero coupon 100 mln Australian dlr bond due April 24, 1992
priced at 53-1/2 pct for an effective yield at launch of 13.33
pct, lead manager Chemical Bank International Ltd said.
    The bond will be available in denominations of 1,000 and
10,000 dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise 3/4 pct selling concession and 1/2 pct for
management and underwriting.
 REUTER

Eurofima of Basle is launching 40 mln
Swiss francs of six year notes with a 4-3/8 pct coupon and
100.25 issue price, lead manager Zurich Cantonal Bank said.
    Payment is due April 22.
 REUTER

AIM Telephones Inc said it has
sold three mln dlrs of nine pct seven-year subordinated notes
to principal shareholder &lt;Quince Associates>.
    The company said it has also issued Quince seven-year
warrants to buy 500,000 common shares at six dlrs each.
 Reuter

Euratom is issuing a 145 mln ECU
eurobond due April 24, 1997, paying 7-3/8 pct and priced at
101-1/8 pct, lead manager Banque Paribas Capital Markets said.
    The bond will be available in denominations of 1,000 and
10,000 ECU and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise 1-3/8 selling concession and 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined.
    A Paribas official said Euratom had timed the issue to
coincide with the 30th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome.
 Reuter

Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter

Brazil's labour unrest is spreading,
with many banks, universities and government statistical
offices on strike and more pay disputes looming.
    Bankworkers' leaders said that a national strike launched
yesterday to press for a 100 pct immediate pay rise and monthly
salary adjustments had the support of most of the 700,000
workforce.
    The strike today closed the stock exchanges of Sao Paulo
and Rio de Janeiro.
    For the government the one positive development on the
labour front was the gradual return to work of the nation's
40,000 seamen, who began a national strike on February 27.
    A union spokesman in Rio de Janeiro told Reuters about half
the seamen had returned to work after accords with 22 companies
and that the strike looked close to an end.
    Otherwise the labour scene looked bleak, with the bank
strike posing the most serious problems for Brazil's
crisis-laden economy.
    "If this goes on for more than a few days it will have a
serious effect because normal financial operations will grind
to a halt," said a western diplomat in Sao Paulo.
    Today Brazil's 50,000 university teachers in the 42 federal
universities launched a national strike, with a broad political
demand as well as a pay claim.
    David Fleischer, head of the political science department
in Brasilia university, told Reuters the National Association
of Higher Education Teachers wanted a full congressional
inquiry into what had happened to government education funds.
    He said the universities were strapped for cash and that
the association suspected the junior partner in the coalition
government, the Liberal Front Party, PFL, of using education
funds for projects which had helped their candidates in
elections. The PFL holds the Education Ministry.
    Hardly any sectors of the economy are proving immune to the
current labour unrest, caused by the return of high inflation,
officially pegged at 33 pct for January-February.
    Other possible strikes looming include stoppages by oil
industry workers and social security workers.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES WILL REDUCE TRADE DEFICIT THIS YEAR
Blah blah blah.



Earthquake-stricken Ecuador is
negotiating with Nigeria to have the African country lend it
10,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude for export, Deputy Energy
Minister Fernando Santos Alvite told Reuters.
    He said Ecuador was negotiating a shipments schedule and
the terms of repaying the loan. Ecuador has suspended crude
exports for about five months until it repairs a pipeline
ruputured by a March five tremor.
    Santos Alvite added Ecuador is finalizing details for a
program under which Venezuela would temporarily lend the
country 50,000 bpd for export.
 Reuter

Shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Net profit 53,040 vs loss 255,568
    Rev 2,252,246 vs 755,605
    Six months
    Shr profit three cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 217,884 vs loss 517,538
    Rev 4.9 mln vs 1.6 mln
    NOTE: Company's full name is Chemfix Technologies Inc.
 Reuter

The Federal National Mortgage
Association said it will begin purchasing 10 and 20-year fixed
rate mortgages in addition to 15 and 30 year mortgages.
    It said the new intermediate term mortgage purchase
programs are designed to offer home buyers more home financing
flexibility.
    Edward J. Pinto, FNMA's Senior Vice President, said
intermediate term mortgages offer "lower interest rates,
substantial interest savings, lower inflation rates and, in
many cases, faster equity build-up" than longer-term mortgages.
 Reuter

Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco
Silva said Portugal would hand back Macao to China on December
20, 1999, but added the existing political, economic and social
system there would be maintained until the year 2050.
    Cavaco Silva, speaking on national television hours before
the initialling in Peking of an agreement on the handover, said
that under the accord Macao would be a special administrative
region of China and would have a large measure of autonomy.
    Under the accord, Portuguese administration of the
territory would end on December 20, 1999 but the existing
system there would be maintained until the year 2050, Cavaco
Silva said.
    "The existing way of life in Macao, the Portuguese laws,
basically our political, economic and social system, will
remain in force for a further 63 years from now," he said.
    Cavaco Silva said he would go to Peking in the first half
of next month to formally sign the agreement with China, which
would then be submitted to Portugal's parliament for approval.
    Cavaco Silva said that after Portuguese administration of
Macao formally ended in 1999, the future government of the
territory would enjoy complete autonomy except in the areas of
defence and foreign relations. It would however be able to make
economic, trade and finance agreements with other countries.
    The head of government would be named on the basis of
elections held for the post.
    Macao would have an elected legislative assembly and an
independent judiciary. There would be religious freedom, a free
press and freedom of expression. The Portuguese language could
continue to be used in the government, assembly and courts.
    Cavaco Silva said the current financial system would
continue after the year 2000. The existing banks and freedom of
capital movements would be maintained as would the
convertibility of the pataca as the territory's monetary unit
and the legal protection of foreign investment.
    Only the Macao government would be able to collect taxes.
    Cavaco Silva said that those among Macao's 400,000
population who held Portuguese nationality on the date of the
handover would thereafter continue to be able to use their
Portuguese passports and their nationality rights.
    The nationality issue had been one of the points of
disagreement in the complex handover talks.
    The special administrative status to be granted to Macao
after its handover mirrors a similar accord for the nearby
British colony of Hong Kong, which reverts back to Chinese rule
in 1997 under a 1984 Sino-British agreement.
 Reuter

Shr 32 cts vs nil
    Net 1.2 mln vs 100,000
    Avg shrs 3,692,000 vs 3,148,000
    Year
    Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 54 cts
    Net 3.7 mln vs 800,000
    Avg shrs 3,607,000 vs 1,461,000
    Note: Net is after depreciation.
    Full name is Consolidated Captial Income Opportunity
Trust/2.
 Reuter

President Jose Sarney rejected calls
from foreign creditors and from some Brazilian businessmen that
the government talk to the International Monetary Fund.
    In a speech to about 3,000 mayors and local officials,
Sarney reiterated that the government would not accept any
monitoring of its economy by the IMF.
    He said, "We are going to struggle with courage for Brazil
and its growth. For this reason I have said that Brazil will
accept no monitoring by the IMF."
    In highly-publicized talks with Sarney near Sao Paulo last
Saturday, several Brazilian business leaders said they favoured
a return to the IMF, arguing that it would make debt
negotiations easier and bring new money into the country.
 Reuter

Japan's video tape recorder (VTR) exports
fell to 1.73 mln sets in February from 2.01 mln a year earlier
for the fourth successive year-on-year drop, Finance Ministry
customs-cleared export statistics show.
    But February exports were up from 1.34 mln in January.
    Cumulative exports in the first two months of 1987 totalled
3.07 mln sets against 3.73 mln a year earlier.
    Exports to the U.S. Fell to one mln sets in February from
1.26 mln a year earlier, and those to the European Community
(EC) fell to 232,275 from 263,009.
    In the EC total, shipments to West Germany fell to 97,633
from 100,218 a year earlier and those to the U.K. Fell to
32,652 from 53,020.
    Colour television exports fell to 343,315 sets in February
from 416,832 a year earlier for the 16th consecutive
year-on-year drop, bringing cumulative exports so far this year
to 588,720 against 769,874 a year earlier.
    February exports compared with 245,405 in January.
    Exports to the U.S. Fell to 1.01 mln sets from 1.12 mln a
year earlier and those to the EC fell to 33,763 from 67,955.
Shipments to China fell to 39,858 from 53,925.
 REUTER

Hong Kong's government has long kept
intervention in the economy to a minimum in the belief that
when it comes to business, businessmen generally know best.
    But the government is slowly being forced to take a more
active economic role, partly to face the challenge from fast
growing economies like South Korea and Taiwan and economic
powerhouse Japan, businessmen said.
    The government announced this month it will spend six mln
H.K. Dlrs over the next two years to encourage electronics
firms to send engineers for training overseas.
    The engineers will learn design of application specific
integrated circuits (ASIC) used in products ranging from
personal computers to high-technology toys that talk.
    The government has funded vocational training before but
this will be its first such program aimed at bringing back
advanced technology from overseas.
    Government officials told Reuters that other areas in the
electronics sector are being considered for similar treatment.
    Hong Kong's key electronics industry last year accounted
for exports of 61 billion H.K. Dlrs, though the total includes
sales of electrical machinery and other items.
    Officials said that this key sector, second only to
textiles in terms of exports, needs high technologies already
available in neighbouring economies if it is to compete.
    "Belatedly, we realize there are some technologies which
can't be taught here," said K.Y. Yeung, Director of Industry.
    A study by U.S. Research firm Dataquest Inc last year
showed that Hong Kong's share of U.S. Consumer electronic
imports had fallen to 3.5 pct in 1985 from 6.4 pct in 1983.
    South Korea, Taiwan and Japan all take a more active role
in guiding economic development and policy makers are worried
that perhaps some assistance -- albeit limited -- is needed.
    "This is perceived to be an area of development for Hong
Kong," said Lawrence Mills, director-general of the Federation
of Hong Kong Industries. "Many industrialists think government
should be more actively concerned with this area."
    Hong Kong likes to call its policy "positive
non-intervention," meaning that it helps industry mainly by
maintaining economic stability and ensuring that needed roads
and harbour facilities are in place.
    It offers no special tax incentives for foreign investors,
believing that its low corporate profits tax of 18 pct and
personal income tax of 16.5 pct are sufficient.
    But the government has been forced to gradually take a more
active role in the economy. In the last three years it has
stepped in to aid seven problem banks, taking over three of
them, to protect depositors whose funds were not insured.
    It has also expanded the powers of its banking and
securities commissions to police these key economic sectors.
    Industry officials said manufacturers need help acquiring
expensive new technology, especially when returns on investment
are years away. "This is only a small start but it will help
make this technology more readily available," said an engineer
with a major U.S. Electronics firm in Hong Kong.
    Texas Instruments Inc &lt;TXN> and Motorola Inc &lt;MOT> of the
U.S. And Japan's Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T> already conduct ASIC
design work in Hong Kong, while a handful of firms have
committed funds for capital-intensive production.
    Under the industry department program, companies would be
funded to train engineers overseas but those employees would be
required to apply their new skills locally for an as yet
unspecified period.
    "We want to promote ASIC design and eventually production in
Hong Kong," said Yeung of the Industry Department.
    Some industrialists said it will take more than a training
program to keep electronics manufacturers competitive in the
years ahead. Government officials said most manufacturers in
the industry are small scale, employing fewer than 100 people.
    These firms will not be able to afford expensive technology
development programs, industry officials said.
    The program has raised concerns that government may one day
veer too far from its policy of minimal intervention. "They've
reached the right decision," said Mills of the Federation of
Industries. "But the fear (among some firms) is it might be a
slippery slope towards interference."
 REUTER

Year ended December 31.
    World group pretax profit 3.21 billion marks vs 3.16
billion.
    Turnover 38.01 billion marks vs 42.72 billion.
    World group turnover comprised domestic sales 10.83 billion
vs 10.80 billion, foreign sales 27.18 billion vs 31.92 billion.
    Parent pretax profit 1.82 billion marks vs 1.62 billion.
    Turnover 14.09 billion vs 15.35 billion.
    Parent turnover comprised domestic sales 6.47 billion vs
6.84 billion, foreign sales 7.62 billion vs 8.51 billion.
    Parent investment in fixed assets 960 mln marks vs 831 mln.
    Depreciation of fixed assets 935 mln marks vs 847 mln.
    Investment in new participations 2.53 billion marks vs 294
mln.
 REUTER


******Danish overnight money market rate cut to 10 pct from 10.5 - central bank
Blah blah blah.



Shr 22.9p vs 26.9p.
    Interim div 2.6p vs same.
    Pre-tax profit 40.0 mln stg vs 38.0 mln.
    Net profit before minorities 29.6 mln vs 30.9 mln.
    Turnover 825.0 mln vs 791.6 mln.
    Trading profit 52.8 mln stg vs 52.5 mln.
    Related companies profit 3.1 mln vs 1.4 mln.
    Interest payable 12.3 mln vs 14.6 mln.
    Reorganisation and redundancy costs 3.6 mln vs 1.3 mln.
    Tax 10.4 mln vs 7.1 mln.
    Minorities 1.5 mln vs 2.4 mln.
    Extraordinary charges 1.3 mln vs 34.2 mln.
 REUTER

West Germany's current account
surplus widened to a provisional 6.6 billion marks in February
from a slightly downwards revised 4.8 billion in January, a
spokeswoman for the Federal Statistics Office said.
    The trade surplus in February widened to a provisional 10.4
billion marks from 7.2 billion in January, she added.
    The Statistics Office had originally put the January
current account surplus at 4.9 billion marks.
    The February trade surplus was well up on the 6.84 billion
mark surplus posted in the same month of 1986. But the current
account surplus was down slightly from the 6.85 billion surplus
recorded in February 1986.
    A Statistics Office statement said the widening of the
February current account surplus compared with January was due
to seasonal factors. Neither the trade nor current account
figures are seasonally adjusted.
    February imports, measured in terms of value, totalled
32.11 billion marks, a decline of 10 pct against February 1986
but a rise of 5.5 pct against January.
    Exports in February, also in value terms, totalled 42.56
billion marks, 0.5 pct less than in February 1986 but up 13 pct
compared with January.
    The Statistics Office said it was not yet able to calculate
the real change in exports and imports in February. But for
comparison purposes it noted that in January the average value
of imports had fallen 15 pct year-on-year while the average
value of exports had declined by only 4.4 pct.
    Within the current account, the services account had 300
mln marks deficit, supplementary trade items a 200 mln mark
surplus while transfer payments posted a 3.7 billion mark
deficit.
    Taking the first two months of 1987 together, imports in
value terms fell 14 pct to 62.6 billion marks compared with a
year earlier. The value of exports totalled 80.2 billion marks,
a decline of 7.4 pct against the same months of 1986.
    The resulting trade surplus of 17.6 billion marks for
January/February compares with a cumulative surplus of 14.1
billion marks in the year-ago period.
    The cumulative current account surplus for January and
February 1987 totalled 11.3 billion marks against 11.4 billion
marks a year earlier, the Statistics Office said.
    Bank economists said the rise in the February trade surplus
reflected an improvement in the terms of trade as well as
seasonal factors. The Federal Statistics Office said earlier
this week that February import prices fell 0.7 pct against
January while export prices were unchanged.
    "The rise in the nominal figures masks a lower export trend
that is not expected to change for several months at least,"
said an economist. He said the nominal trade surplus for 1987
as a whole is likely to fall only slightly from the record
112.2 billion marks in 1986 but other economists said the
surplus could fall to around 80 billion marks.
    An economist at the Bank fuer Gemeinwirtschaft (BfG) in
Frankfurt said a two-month comparison of trade figures gave a
more accurate picture of West Germany's trade position.
    He noted the 17.6 billion mark surplus for January and
February together was lower than the 21.6 billion mark surplus
posted in November and December.
    "The trend is clearly lower," he said.
    This economist, who declined to be named, said the February
rise was also partly explained by special factors in January,
when there had been a number of public holidays as well as
extremely cold weather, both of which hindered trade.
 REUTER

Treasurer Paul Keating forecast
economic growth at slightly under two pct in the financial year
ending June this year, down from the 2.25 pct forecast
contained in the 1986/87 budget delivered last August.
    Australia's terms of trade also fell, by 18 pct, over the
past two years, he told Parliament. Terms of trade are the
difference between import and export price indexes.
    Despite the figures, the budget forecast of about 1.75 pct
annual growth in employment would be met, Keating said.
    Unemployment is currently at 8.2 pct of the workforce.
    "This government is dragging Australia through a trading
holocaust the kind of which we have not seen since the Second
World War," Keating said.
    "We are not pushing this place into a recession. We are not
only holding our gains on unemployment, we are bringing
unemployment down," he said, adding that the government had help
the country avoid recession.
 REUTER

Messidor Ltd said it signed a letter
of intent to acquire 100 pct of the outstanding shares of
Triton Beleggineng Nederland B.V., a European investment
portfolio management company.
    If approved, two mln shares of stock held by the Messidor
Ltd officers and directors would be issued to Triton
shareholders.
    Triton will become a subsidiary of Messidor, it said.
    If approved, the president of Triton, Hendrik Bokma, will
be nominated as chairman of the combined company.
    There are about 1.5 mln Messidor units issued to the public
consisting of one share of common stock, four Class A common
stock warrants, four class B common stock warrants and four
class C common stock warrants.
    In addition there are four mln restricted shares
outstanding.
    Messidor said the acquisition is expected to be completed
by June three.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
the meeting last month in Paris in which finance ministers
agreed to keep the dollar at current levels showed that the
economic cooperation process was working.
    He said that at that meeting the surplus countries
committed themselves to strengthening their growth prospects,
while the deficit countries agreed to reduce their domestic
imbalances.
    For its part, he said the United States must press forward
with reductions in the federal budget deficit and must continue
to oppose protectionist pressures.
 Reuter

Three men were charged today with
operating a large tax fraud scheme that provided more than 500
mln dlrs in phony tax losses for many prominent people,
including CBS Inc. &lt;CBS> president Laurence Tisch and his
brother Preston, who is President Reagan's postmaster general.
    The indictment was handed down by a federal grand jury to
in New York.
    The three indicted were named as Charles Atkins, William
Hack and Ernest Grunebaum, all well-known promoters of tax
shelters. Atkins was well-known as an organizer of tax shelters
in the late 1970s and early 1980.
    The indictment said that between 1978 and 1983, the
defendants conspired to defraud the government by arranging
"rigged and fraudulent" transactions in governmenmt securities
and false tax deductions based on phony trading losses and
interest expenses.
    More than 350 mln dlrs in false deductions were passed on
to partners in three tax shelters.
    In addition, the defendants sold over 200 mln dlrs in phony
trading losses and interest expenses to other entities and
individuals to be used as tax deductions.
    The indictment said that over 1.1 billion dlrs in trading
losses and interest expenses were generated by the scheme but
were off-set by "fictious gains."
    Laurence Tisch was said by the indictment to have reported
a net loss of 1.1 mln dlrs. His brother, Preston Tisch,
reported a loss of 480,000 dlrs.
    None of the three men's clients were charged with any
criminal acts. But should the three be found guilty, their
clients will be required to pay taxes they originally avoided
through the tax shelter scheme, plus interest and possibly
penalties. 
 Reuter

Alabama has advanced from a Class B
to a Class A rating in the eradication of cattle brucellosis
program, thus relieving some restrictions in the interstate
movement of cattle from the state, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    To qualify for a Class A rating, a state must keep its herd
infection rate at or below 0.25 pct for 12 months.
    The change in Alabama's classification reduces the testing
and identification requirements for cattle moved interstate for
breeding purposes, to immediate slaughter or to quarantined
feedlots, USDA said.
    Brucellosis is an infectious bacterial disease that causes
abortion, reduced fertility and lower milk yields in cattle, it
noted.
 Reuter

Texaco Inc's oil and gas reserves
declined in 1986 despite reduced production and upward
revisions in the company's previous reserve estimates, its
annual report said.
    The statement of the report's auditor was qualified -- as
was the previous one -- because of the unkonwn final impact of
the judgement won by Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> against Texaco on
charges Texaco interfered with Pannzoil's contract to acquire
Getty Oil Co.
    The auditor's point out, as Texaco has in the past, the
company's loss of any of several pending court decisions in
this case could cause it "to face prospects such as having to
seek protection of its assets and business pursuant to the
bankruptcy and reorganization provisions of Chapter 11" of the
federal bankruptcy code.
    Commenting on a Texas Court of Appeals ruling which reduced
Pennzoil's judgement by two billion dlrs, to 9.1 billion dlrs,
Texaco said it will file a motion for a rehearing by the
appeals court no later than March 30.
    Texaco said the proven crude oil reserves of the company
and its consolidated subsidiaries totaled 2.54 billion barrels
at the end of 1986, down from 2.69 billion a year earlier.
    However, inclusion of Texaco's equity in the Eastern
Hemisphere reserves of a nonsubsidiary company limited the
decline to 2.91 billion barrels from 3.00 billion at the end of
1985.
    Worldwide production by the consolidated subsidiaries
declined to 341 mln barrels last year from 362 mln in 1985 and
upward revisions in previous reserve estimates rose to 143 mln
barrels from 117 mln, respectively.
    Texaco said the largest drop in reserves came in the United
States -- where the total dropped to 1.46 billion barrels from
1.55 billion.
    The company said U.S. liquids production averaged 660,000
barrels per day last year, down from 714,000 in 1985, with
about 44 pct of the decline -- some 24,000 barrels per day --
representing high-cost production shut-in or curtailed in
response to the decline in crude oil prices during 1986.
    Texaco said its natural gas reserves totaled 8.16 trillion
cubic feet at year end, down from 8.87 trillion cubic feet at
the end of 1985.
 Reuter

Xylogics Inc is making an initial
public offering of 1,089,300 shares of common stock at 16 dlrs
a share, co-managing underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc and
Cowen and Co said.
    Of the shares being offered, 750,000 are being sold by the
company and the rest by selling shareholders. The company has
granted the underwriters an over-allotment to buy up to 150,000
more shares.
    Proceeds to the company will be used to acquire automated
manufacturing, testing and engineering equipment, to finance
facilities expansion, for working capital and general corporate
purposes.
    The company makes controllers that manage data flow between
computers and peripherals.
 Reuter


******EIA SAYS DISTILLATE STOCKS OFF 3.2 MLN BBLS, GASOLINE UP 2.2 MLN, CRUDE UP 7.5 MLN
Blah blah blah.



Shr profit 25 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 3,433,000 vs loss 1,310,000
    Revs 37.1 mln vs 39.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 28 cts vs profit 27 cts
    Net profit 3,883,000 vs profit 3,908,000
    Revs 133.2 mln vs 132.0 mln
    Avg shrs 13.8 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Note: Current net includes gain on sale of 31 inns of
7,719,000 dlrs for qtr and 7,975,000 dlrs for nine mths.
 Reuter

The Semiconductor Industry
Association urged the U.S. government to impose trade sanctions
against Japan for violating the U.S.-Japan Semiconductor Trade
Agreement.
    In a letter to Treasury Secretary James Baker the group
said sanctions should be imposed against Japanese chipmakers as
of April 1 and should continue until the United States is
satisfied that there is full compliance with the agreement.
    The group said action by Japan to cut back on semiconductor
exports is not what is required.
    "America's interests require that agreements be honored and
that U.S. industries not bear the burden for the persistent
unwillingness or inability of the government of Japan to
deliver on its commitments," the trade group said.
    The White House Economic Policy Council is expected to
discuss possible sanctions against Japan at a meeting scheduled
for Thursday.
    The trade group said Japan has not lived up to the terms of
the agreement last year which was aimed at ending Japanese
dumping of semiconductors and at opening Japanese markets to
foreign-based manufacturers.
 Reuter

The House Banking Committee adopted
legislation to direct the U.S. Treasury to begin negotiations
aimed at seeking regular adjustment of exchange rates by  
countries such as Taiwan and South Korea, whose currencies are
pegged to the value of the U.S. dollar.
    The measure was adopted as part of a wide-ranging trade
bill that will be considered by the full House in April before
it moves on to the Senate.
    The bill's many provisions also set as a priority for the
U.S. the negotiation of stable exchange rates and urge
government intervention as necessary to offset fluctuations.
    In addition, the Banking Committee bill would authorize
U.S. banks to use a variety of means to deal with the debt
problems of developing countries, such as lowering interest
rates on existing debt, renegotiating loans or debt
forgiveness. The bill would give a blanket waiver of any
federal banking regulations that bar such actions.
    The bill would direct Treasury Secretary James Baker to
discuss with debt-ridden developing countries the possibility
of the U.S. setting up a public debt management agency that
would purchase their debt at a discount and negotiate the
restructuring of the debt.
    The Banking bill authorizes U.S. participation in a
multilateral investment guarantee agency (MIGA) as requested by
the administration. Congress would approve an initial U.S.
subscription of 22 mln dlrs.
    And, it sets up a council on industrial competitiveness
composed of industry and administration members to explore ways
to make the U.S. more competitive in world markets.
 Reuter

Congress, eager to find budget
savings, launches a review of the U.S. Agriculture Department's
generic commodity certificate program tomorrow, amid signs USDA
and the General Accounting Office, GAO, are at odds over how
much the program has cost U.S. taxpayers.
    The GAO concluded in a preliminary report last week that
payment-in-kind, or PIK, certificates cost between five and 20
pct more than cash outlays, administration officials who asked
not to be identified said.
    USDA officials, however, took issue with the report, saying
it did not take into account storage, handling and transport
savings that accrue to the government. The GAO then decided to
re-examine the costs, sources said.
    The issue is an important one, because congressional budget
committees are known to be considering limiting the use of
certificates as a means of cutting spending.
    Agriculture Under Secretary Daniel Amstutz and GAO Senior
Associate Director Brian Crowley are set to testify before the
Senate Agriculture Committee tomorrow.
    Amstutz is expected to tell the committee that there are
uncertainties in determining the cost of certificates compared
to cash outlays, and that savings to the Commodity Credit Corp,
CCC, almost equal costs, department sources said.
    USDA estimates that it costs the government about 75 cents
to store, handle and transport each bushel of commodity put in
government storage.
    It was unclear whether the GAO, Congress' investigative
arm, would stick by its original analysis that it costs the
government more to use certificates instead of cash in farm
price and income support programs, Reagan administration
sources said.
    The GAO is expected to point out that use of
payment-in-kind, PIK, certificates has helped relieve tight
storage by moving grain that otherwise might not have been
sold.
    The testimony by Amstutz and GAO Senior Associate Director
Brian Crowley comes as congressional budget committees
intensify their efforts to pinpoint ways to cut the federal
budget deficit -- including considering limits on the use of
PIK certificates.
    The CCC issues dollar-denominated PIK certificates, or
certs, as a partial substitute for direct cash outlays to
farmers or cash subsidies to exporters. Certs can be used to
repay nonrecourse loans or exchanged for CCC commodities or
cash.
    Between April and December 1986, CCC issued 3.8 billion
dlrs worth of certificates, according to USDA. Up to another
6.7 billion dlrs worth could be issued between January and
August 1987, according to USDA.
    Certs can cost the government more than cash primarily
because recipients can use the certificates to pay back
government loans at levels below the loan rate.
    Eliminating this practice, called "PIK and roll," would save
the government 1.4 billion dlrs between 1988-92, according to
the Congressional Budget Office, CBO. That estimate, according
to a CBO official, was based on an assumption that certificates
cost the government about 15 pct more than cash payments.
    The Senate and House Budget Committees are known to be
considering curbs on PIK-and-roll transactions among other
savings alternatives.
    The GAO last week reached the tentative conclusion that the
estimated three billion dlrs of certificates redeemed to date
have cost the federal government between 150 mln and 600 mln
dlrs, or between five and 20 pct, more than cash outlays, one
administration official said.
    However, the GAO has decided to reassess those estimates
based in part on USDA criticism, department officials said.
    The broad range of the cost estimate is partly attributable
to the different effect certificates can have on market prices
over the course of a crop year.
    USDA's Economic Research Service, for example, has found
that between June and August last year, the 215 mln bushels of
corn exchanged for certificates lowered the price of corn by
between 35 and 45 cents per bushel.
    Between September and November, however, certificates had
only a marginal impact on corn prices, according to the ERS
study, obtained by Reuters.
 Reuter

 said 58 pct-owned &lt;The
Daily Telegraph PLC>, of London, agreed to form a joint venture
printing company in Manchester, England with &lt;News
International PLC>. Financial terms were undisclosed.
    It said the deal involved News International's acquisition
of a 50 pct stake in the Telegraph's Trafford Park Printing Ltd
subsidiary. The joint company will continue to print northern
editions of the Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph, with spare
capacity used to print The Sun and News of the World.
    The arrangement will significantly cut Telegraph costs,
Hollinger said.
 Reuter

Genova Inc said it signed a
definitive agreement for the previously announced merger with
&lt;Genova Products Inc>.
    Under the agreement, Genova Products will pay 5-3/8 dlrs a
share for the 29 pct of Genova's outstanding common shares it
does not already own.
    The company said it plans to complete the transaction,
which requires shareholder approval, by the end of March.
 Reuter

Guyana hopes to overcome its financial
problems within three to five years and is now seeking help
from donor governments, Finance Minister Carl Greenidge said.
    He said Guyana took its problems in January to the
Caribbean Group for Cooperation and Development, which includes
governments and multilateral agencies, with a view to finding a
long-term recovery plan.
    Guyana's arrears to the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
are now 70 mln dlrs and it would not be eligible for new loans
in the near future, Greenidge told Reuters during the
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) annual meeting here. MORE
    Greenidge also said a World Bank mission would visit
Georgetown this week to assess prospects for a rescue plan that
would enable Guyana to revive its economy. But he said the
government does not expect to be able to reduce its arrears
this year.
    Arrears to the IMF and the World Bank are projected to rise
to 100 mln dlrs by the end of 1987. About 90 mln dlrs of this,
equivalent to nearly half Guyana's annual exports, would be
owed to the IMF.
    "Expecting us to pay arrears is like asking a dying man to
give a pint of blood," Greenidge said.
    But Greenidge said Guyana has taken steps to reduce its
fiscal deficit, which now amounts to 65 pct of GDP. It has
increased taxes, reduced public expenditure and refinanced its
internal debt.
    He said the World Bank would meanwhile look at investment
requirements for potential export-earning projects such as gold
mining, timber, oil and kaolin.
    Because of its arrears, Guyana has been unable to draw down
a 40 mln dlr World Bank loan for a bauxite industry
rehabilitation project. Bauxite accounts for 90 mln dlrs of
exports, or 40 pct of the total.
 REUTER

The European Community (EC) considers
talks on agricultural trade reform to be inseperable from talks
on other trade reform in the present GATT round, Willy de
Clercq, external relations commissioner of the EC, said.
    He told reporters here the EC would not bow to pressure to
reach an early, seperate agreement on agricultural trade.
    He said the EC wanted to stick to the four-year schedule
agreed by members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(GATT) in Punta del Este, Uruguay, last year. That included
agricultural trade liberalisation for the first time in the
lengthy program to re-negotiate the GATT.
    Other trade issues being discussed in the current GATT
round include reform of trade in merchandise and services.
    De Clercq is on his way to China after attending a two-day
conference for 22 GATT trade ministers held in New Zealand.
    Several of those ministers criticised the EC for what they
saw as restrictive agricultural trade practices and called for
urgent reforms. U.S. Trade representative, Clayton Yeutter,
also said it was important agreement on agricultural trade
reform was reached as early as possible.
    But de Clercq said the GATT program had been reached after
long and hard negotiations, and the EC did not want changes.
    "We just want to stick to the agreement which was reached,
and that was very clear -- that the new round would be one
undertaking. It is a global negotiation with no two tracks, no
fast track, no slow track. It has just one track, the track -
and that's all," de Clercq said.
    "If you start selecting priorities, your priority is not my
priority. We say that agriculture is urgent, but it's not the
only urgent thing," he said.
    He said the Punte del Este agreement had taken eight months
to prepare and eight days of negotiations.
 REUTER

 (BNZ) shares
will be listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange next week,
probably on Tuesday, the BNZ said.
    "We look forward to the challenge of public accountability
through the open market," it said.
    BNZ, previously wholly owned by the state, issued 103 mln
shares to the public in February, or nearly 13 pct of its
capital, to raise 180.25 mln N.Z. Dlrs.
    The publicly held shares will not have voting rights.
    The government will retain 87 pct of the BNZ's capital, a
total of 800 mln ordinary shares.
 REUTER


****** BP units seek five billion dlr revolving credit to support Standard Oil tender
Blah blah blah.



One of two rival firms seeking to enter
Japan's international telecommunications market said it will
offer a stake in the company to 10 foreign firms.
    President of &lt;International Telecom Japan Inc> (ITJ), Nobuo
Ito, decline to specify what share the firms would take, but
told Reuters they would not participate in its management.
    ITJ and &lt;International Digital Communications Planning Inc>
(IDC), in which both Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L> and
Pacific Telesis Group &lt;PAC.N> own 20 pct stakes, are set to
merge into a new entity to compete against &lt;Kokusai Denshin
Denwa Co Ltd> (KDD).
    The Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications has urged the
two rival firms to merge so KDD would have only a single
competitor. The ministry has also rejected foreign management.
    Japan's law limits foreign ownership of any new
international telecommunications entrant to 33 pct, so C and
W's and Pacific's stakes could be three pct in the merged firm,
sources said. Those seeking to join are General Electric Co
&lt;GE.N>, Ford Motor Co &lt;F.N>, &lt;Citibank NA>, BankAmerica Corp
&lt;BAC.NYSE>, &lt;Shearson Lehman Bros Inc>, &lt;Saloman Brothers>,
&lt;Asia Boeing Computer Service>, Unisys Corp &lt;UIS.N>, &lt;Societe
Generale> and Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.FRA>.
    The merger plan has been criticised for excluding foreign
firms from a meaningful position in the market.
    The U.K.'s Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, U.S. Secretary
of State George Shultz, U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm
Baldrige and U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter have all
expressed such opposition.
    Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone will draft a
reply to the criticism following further discussion, a Posts
and Ministry official said.
 REUTER

The U.K. Produced 820,400 tonnes of
oilcake and meal and 431,000 tonnes of crude vegetable oil in
calendar 1986, Ministry of Agriculture figures show.
    They compare with 785,800 tonnes of oilcake and meal and
407,400 tonnes of crude vegetable oil produced in 1985.
    Total oilseeds crushed rose to 1.27 mln tonnes from 1.21
mln in 1985.
 REUTER

Austria is making a two billion
schilling issue of floating rate treasury notes carrying
interest of 1/8th of a point over the three-month Vienna
Interbank Offered Rate (VIBOR), lead manager Oesterreichische
Laenderbank AG [OLBV.VI] said.
    The issue, to be made at par, carries a placing fee of 20
basis points and will be listed in Vienna, a Laenderbank
official told Reuters.
    The issue will have an initial three-year life and the
issuer has the right to make two three-year extensions and a
further one-year extension to 1997.
    Payment and closing date is April 23 and redemption will be
on the same date at the end of each of the periods.
    The notes, in one mln schilling denominations, may not be
offered in Austria, Britain or the United States.
 REUTER


******U.K. FEB CUURENT ACCOUNT SURPLUS 376 MLN STG VS JAN SURPLUS 73 MLN - OFFICIAL.
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 2.37 dlrs
    Net loss 1,140,000 vs loss 13,608,000
    Revs 1,069,000 vs 1,940,000
    Year
    Shr loss 53 cts vs loss 2.34 dlrs
    Net loss 3,012,000 vs loss 13,433,000
    Revs 4,945,000 vs 6,705,000
 Reuter

 said
it planned an issue in Canada of 125 mln dlrs of 6.75 pct
subordinated debentures, convertible any time into Encor common
shares for a price of 10 dlrs a share.
    Encor, 48 pct-owned by Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>, said
investment dealers McLeod Young Weir Ltd and Pemberton Houston
Willoughby Bell Gouinlock Inc agreed to purchase the issue for
resale to the public.
    It said the debentures would pay interest semi-annually and
be callable after five years at par plus accrued interest.
    Encor earlier reported a 1986 net loss of 406.6 mln dlrs.
    Encor last year earned 35.4 mln dlrs. The 1986 net loss
included a 545.7 mln dlr asset writedown before a 139.2 mln dlr
recovery of deferred taxes.
    The company said 1986 results were seriously affected by
lower oil and gas prices, but did not reflect its recent
acquisition of &lt;Aberford Resources Ltd>.
    It said that while oil prices had improved in early 1987,
it would remain cautious and base capital spending on
conservative price assumptions.
    Encor will use proceeds from the debenture offer to retire
bank debt incurred in the Aberford deal, it said.
 Reuter

Stocks of tobacco companies rose
sharply as investors grew more confident that an excise tax
would not be imposed on tobacco, traders and analysts said.
    They also said the stocks are relatively inexpensive since
fear of the tax and of pending litigation regarding warning
labels for tobacco products have kept many investors away
recently.
    Philip Morris Cos &lt;MO> rose 2-5/8 to 87-3/4, RJR Nabisco
&lt;RJR> 1-1/4 to 57-1/2 and U.S. Tobacco &lt;UBO> 7/8 to 27.
    "The near-term activity of these stocks has been dominated
by external factors such as smoking restriction legislation,
concern over liability suits and the possible imposition of
excise taxes," Dean Witter analyst Lawrence Adelman said. "But
the feeling is that many of those externals have been
discounted in the price of the stocks."
    Adelman, who issued a positive recommendation on Philip
Morris earlier this week, said there have been indications that
the Reagan Administration's staunch opposition to tax hikes
would short-circuit attempts to tax tobacco.
    "The tobaccos do have more risks than regular consumer
stocks because of these external factors," Adelman said. "They
are not for the weak-hearted, but they offer a lot of value for
the aggressive investor."
    In a market where everyone is looking for affordable
stocks, trader Drew Schaefer of Kidder Peabody said, it is not
hard to understand why the tobaccos, which have been depressed
for a while in a positive market, are attracting buyers.
    Adelman believes one of the better buys is Philip Morris.
"It is a powerhouse of potential growth in earnings, dividends
and free cash flow. And the stock is cheap now," he said.
    Adelman expects Morris to earn eight dlrs a share this year
compared to 6.20 dlrs a share earned a year ago. In 1988, the
company should report a profit 10.30 dlrs a share.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS ECONOMIC COOPERATION PROCESS IS WORKING
Blah blah blah.



Nutmeg Industries Inc said it
signed an agreement in principle with (NBA Properties Inc)
to make sportswear bearing the logos of National Basketball
Association teams.
    Under the three-year pact, the company's Nutmeg Mills Inc
unit will design, manufacture and sell apparel for men, women
and children bearing the colors, names and symbols of the 23
basketball teams in the league.
    Nutmeg signed similar pacts in February with (Major League
Baseball Promotion Corp) and last week with (National Hockey
League Service) to make sportswear with the logos of baseball
and hockey teams.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
massive new lending to debtor nations could actually increase
their difficulties in the period ahead without protections.
    In testimony before the Senate Committee on Governmental
Affairs, Baker said, "throwing money at the debtor nations won't
solve their problems."
    Baker told the committee such an approach could "worsen
their difficulties unless the new financing can be productively
absorbed and is consistent with their ability to grow and
service debt."
    He said the debt initiative associated with his name is a
long-term approach and further progress "will be gradual and
will vary among nations, depending upon their own determination
to implement growth-oriented reforms and on the continued
active support of the international community."
 Reuter

Gateway Sporting Goods Co said it
acquired all of the shares of stock of Innovative Dental
Services Inc for an undisclosed amount of cash.
    Gateway said the acquired company has contracts with 102
dentists in 144 locations.
 Reuter


******BAKER SAYS U.S. WILLING TO COOPERATE TO STABILIZE EXCHANGE RATES
Blah blah blah.



Treasury Secretary James Baker said
the United States and other nations were willing to cooperate
to stabilize foreign exchange rates at the levels that existed
at the time of an international agreement last month.
    "Our position with respect to the dollar goes back to the
Paris Agreement that the currencies were within ranges broadly
consistent with underlying economic conditions," Baker told a
Senate committee.
    Baker continued, "We said further that we and others are
willing to cooperate closely to foster stability in exchange
rates around those levels."
    He referred to a February agreement by six leading
industrial nations to cooperate on monetary matters.
    Baker refused to answer a question whether Japan and
Germany had done enough to stimulate their domestic economies
for the United States to support the dollar.
    "I will not comment because the foreign exchange market
reads more or less than is intended in my statements," Baker
said.
    Baker said that the other signatories recognized that they
must carry their share of the load of correcting external
imbalances that have hindered the world's economy.
    He cited news reports that Germany would increase a
proposed tax cut for 1988 by about five billion marks to
stimulate domestic growth.
    Japan also agreed to consider stimulative measures after
the Japanese budget was made final.
    Baker said those nations were stimulating their economies
in a manner consistent with gains against inflation.
 Reuter

Barris Industries Inc
said it agreed to buy back 763,546 shares, or 8.6 pct of its
own common stock from company founder Charles Barris for 12.50
dlrs per share.
    Barris and the company have also terminated an agreement
which granted Barris Industries the right of first refusal for
a five year period on any project initiated by Barris, the
company said.
 Reuter

Teletrak Advanced Technology Systems
Inc, 35 pct-owned by Helm Resources Inc, said it received a 
contract to provide its Laser Base 400 System to a national
commercial bank.
    The system is an optical disk storage and retrieval system
that utilizes commercially accepted computer hardware, it said.
    Teletrak also said a New York law firm has retained it to
develop the laser base software for the firm's word processing
system.

 Reuter


******U.S. 4-YEAR NOTE AVERAGE YIELD 6.79 PCT, STOP 6.79 PCT, AWARDED AT HIGH YIELD 95 PCT
Blah blah blah.



Strong competition remains in the
airline industry despite a recent wave of mergers, a
Transportation Department official said.
    But Assistant Transportation Secretary Matthew Scocozza
said at a Senate antitrust committee hearing he would not
object to a transfer of the department's authority over airline
mergers to the Justice Department.
    Scocozza and Deputy Assistant Attorney General Roger
Andewelt said both departments felt airlines should be judged
under the same antitrust standards as all other industries.
    The Transportation Department is due to lose its authority
in 1989, but subcommittee chairman Howard Metzenbaum wants it
shifted now because he feels the Department has approved too
many airline mergers.
    "Airline mergers have proceeded at a breakneck pace with
barely a whimper being uttered by the Department of
Transportation. Nine airlines control 94 per cent of the
market," the Ohio Democrat said.
    Metzenbaum said he was concerned about the effects the
pending U.S.-Air-Piedmont Airlines merger would have on
service, especially at Dayton, Ohio, a major Piedmont hub.
    Scocozza said even with the recent mergers, such as Texas
Air Corp's acquisition of Eastern Air Lines and People Express,
more airlines were flying now in the United States than before
the 1978 airline deregulation act.
    "Airline deregulation has worked, is working, and, given
the department's commitment to preserving a competitive
environment, will continue to work," Scocozza said.
    He said the department considers the effect each merger
will have on competition over all the routes involved and will
not approve a merger which will reduce competition.
    Scocozza said most of the recent mergers involved airlines
in financial difficulty being taken over by other carriers.
     Andewelt said he was optimistic competition would increase
as airlines expanded airport hubs and routes and believed the
industry did not need special treatment under antitrust laws.
    "It is time to treat the airline industry in precisely the
same way as other U.S. industries; any differences are not
significant for the purpose of merger analysis," Andewelt said.
 Reuter


*****LEAR SIEGLER HOLDING CORP PLANS TO DIVEST AEROSPACE SUBSIDIARY
Blah blah blah.



Modulaire Industries said it
acquired the design library and manufacturing rights of
privately-owned Boise Homes for an undisclosed amount of cash.
    Boise Homes sold commercial and residential prefabricated
structures, Modulaire said.
 Reuter

Zenith Electronics Corp said
Howard Graham has been named vice president-finance and chief
financial officer, effective April 1.
   
 Reuter

Mexican officials, led by Finance
Minister Gustavo Petricioli, signed a 100 mln dlr loan with the
Inter-American Development Bank to help finance the promotion
of foreign tourism.
    The loan is for 15 years with 4-1/2 years grace at a
variable interest rate.
    The IADB has approved previous loans totaling 207.5 mln
dlrs to help finance investments of some 580 mln dlrs in
Mexico's tourism sector.
    The total cost of the program announced today is about 334
mln dlrs, of which the IADB loan will cover 29.9 pct.
 Reuter

Helm Resources Inc said that, pursuant
to the exercise of an overallotment option by underwriters in
Bamberger Polymers INc's initial public offering, it has sold
another 35,000 Bamberger shares and reduced its ownership in
Bamberger to 51 pct from 55 pct.
    To date, Helm has sold 435,000 Bamberger's for 3.5 mln
dlrs.
    Bamberger has sold a total of 600,000 shares and received
net proceeds of about 4.8 mln dlrs since the February 1987
offering.
 Reuter

U.S. Agriculture Secretary
Richard Lyng today publicly expressed doubts that the federal
government would meet the fiscal year 1988 deficit reduction
target set by the  Gramm-Rudman law.
    "I don't think anyone believes we'll meet the 108 billion
dlr target," Lyng told the Virginia Farm Bureau.
    Lyng is believed to be the first top administration
official to publicly express doubts the target would be met.
    The remark was quickly disavowed by the White House Office
of Management and Budget (OMB). "His 'no one' does not include
the OMB," said spokesman Edwin Dale.
    Lyng made the remark while describing the need for the
agriculture sector to share the burden of cutbacks under last
year's Gramm-Rudman law.
    "There needs to be some reduction of some expenditures to at
least get close to the Gramm-Rudman figure," he said.
"Agriculture would not be independent from that."
     Lyng's special assistant, Floyd Gabler, said the remark
was an opinion based on Lyng's discussions with congressmen.
    "If the Secretary said that he's simply expressing an
opinion he's gotten from the progress or lack of progress on
the Hill," he said.
 Reuter

The House Banking Committee approved
legislation to bar foreign securities firms from designation as
primary dealers in U.S. government securities unless the
relevant foreign government allows U.S. securities firms the
same trading rights.
    The impact of the proposed legislation would be on three
Japanese securities firms already doing business in the U.S.,
an aide to the sponsor of the provision Rep. Charles Schumer
said. Japan would have six months to open its government
securities markets to U.S. firms before the ban would start.
Other foreign firms would meet the test of reciprocal access.
    The legislation was approved as part of a major trade bill,
which the House will consider next month. The bill also has to
be considered by the Senate and signed by the president.
    The three Japanese firms are Nomura Securities Co. and
Daiwa Securities Co., which received approval from the U.S.
Federal Reserve Board to serve as primary dealers, and Aubrey
G. Lanston Co., owned by the Industrial Bank of Japan.
    Schumer, a New York Democrat, said the Fed would not be
allowed to designate any new firms as primary dealers unless
their government allows reciprocal access to U.S. companies.
Both the House and Senate Banking Committees opposed the Fed
action on the two Japanese firms.
 Reuter

Bolivia's proposal to repurchase at a
deep discount the 900 mln dlrs it owes to foreign commercial
banks is likely to be accepted, central bank governor Javier
Nogales Iturri said.
    Speaking to reporters at the annual meeting of the
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) here, Nogales said
Bolivia's bank advisory committee, led by Bank of America, is
seeking permission from creditor banks worldwide to go ahead
with the scheme. More than 50 pct of the banks must give their
approval, and Nogales said he is confident that this threshold
will be reached.
    "It's working out very well, and I think we'll get clear
majority," Nogales said.
    A senior banker working on the deal also said that banks
are responding positively and said all the legal waivers
necessary could be obtained within two months.
    Bolivia halted all payments on its commercial bank debt in
March 1984. Hyperinflation has been curbed and public spending
trimmed, but its debt is still trading as low as 10 cts on the
dollar on the secondary market and many banks have written off
most, if not all, of their loans to the country.
    Bankers see little chance for a substantive recovery in
Bolivia's economic fortunes and so are willing to collect what
they can on the loans.
    Nogales said Bolivia would offer to buy back the debt at a
market price. He said some banks might want to hold out for a
higher price, but others would see the repurchase offer as a
window of opportunity to cut their losses.
    Bolivia intends to pay for the repurchase with aid that
foreign governments, especially the United States and West
Germany, are providing to help finance the eradication of coca
crops. Cocaine, although illegal, is Bolivia's largest export.
    The campaign to persuade farmers to grow legal crops
instead of coca would be financed instead using local currency,
Nogales said.
    Because the fiscal deficit has been reduced to some four
pct of gross domestic product, money supply could be increased
to pay for the drug-eradication drive without too much of n
impact on inflation, he added.
    Nogales said he did not expect Bolivia's debt repurchase to
become a model for other debtors in dire straits. "We're not
seeking a universal solution," he said."             
 Reuter

Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. chose a
consortium formed by Atlantic Richfield Co &lt;ARC> and Italy's
Agip-Carbone to exploit the coal deposits at Guanare in western
Zulia state, PDVSA president Juan Chacin Guzman said.
    Chacin said PDVSA will sign a letter of intent next month
to form a partnership with the consortium, which consists of
Arco's Venezuelan subsidiary ACC Venezuela Inc, and Agip, a
subsidiary of Italy's &lt;Eni>.
    He said the consortium, which will own 48 pct of the joint
venture, may be expanded later to include Carboex of Spain.
PDVSA will have controlling interest of 49 pct in Carbozulia.
 Reuter

China posted a budget deficit of 7.08
billion yuan in 1986, the fourth highest since 1949, after a
surplus of 2.82 billion in 1985, Finance Minister Wang Bingqian
told the National People's Congress.
    He put 1986 revenue at 222.03 billion yuan, against a
budgeted 214.17 billion, and up from 185.41 billion in 1985,
and expenditure at 229.11 billion, against a budgeted 214.17
billion and 182.59 billion in 1985.
    Official figures show the record post-1949 budget deficit
was 17 billion yuan in 1979.
    Wang said the 1986 deficit was due to excess capital
construction and administrative expenses and unjustified and
extravagant investments outside the state plan.
    He also blamed the inefficiency of firms whose production
costs and losses rose. He said subsidising state firms' losses
cost 32.25 billion yuan. The 1985 budget did not give a
separate figure for this.
    He said the processing industry developed too fast and some
projects could not start operations because of power shortages,
while too many non-productive facilities were set up.
    Wang said 1986 and 1985 investment in fixed assets rose
15.3 pct and 41.8 pct respectively year on year and consumption
funds rose 12.5 pct and 23.7 pct, outstripping the growth in
national income.
    Wang said revenues were affected by the steep fall in world
oil prices, the decline in the price of primary products, a
drop in income from customs duties and the rising cost of
earning foreign exchange through exports.
    Revenue also fell because the state raised the rate of
depreciation for fixed assets of certain state firms, reduced
their regulatory tax and made other tax cuts for firms.
    Wang said 1986 tax receipts rose to 206.45 billion yuan
from 201.82 billion in 1985, state treasury bond receipts to
6.2 billion from 6.04 billion and receipts from foreign loans
rose to 7.87 billion from 2.5 billion.
    He said 1986 budgetary spending on capital construction
rose to 65.57 billion yuan from 56.97 billion in 1985, on
technical renovation and new products to 12.62 billion from
10.05 billion, aid to rural production and other farm expenses
to 12.03 billion from 10.16 billion, culture, science,
education and public health to 38 billion from 31.72 billion
and defence to 20.13 billion from 19.15 billion.
     Wang said expenditure for repaying principal and interest
on foreign loans in 1986 was 3.4 billion yuan, up from 3.26
billion in 1985.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he expected the U.S. Trade deficit to fall by 15 billion to 20
billion dlrs in 1987.
    Commenting on the deficit during an interview on Cable News
Network, Baker said "I think you're going to see a 15 to 20
billion dlr reduction this year." The deficit was 170 billion
dlrs in 1986.
    Baker noted that the benefits of a weaker currency take 12
to 18 months to affect the trade balance, and said it is now 18
months since the Plaza agreement to lower the dollar's value.
 REUTER

An investor group said it might be
willing to raise its 100 dlr per share offer for GenCorp but so
far the company has turned down requests for a meeting.
    "We might be able to see some additional value if we could
meet" and get more financial data, said Joel Reed, speaking for
the investor group.
    Reed told Reuters that GenCorp chairman A. William Reynolds
"was not interested in sitting down and talking with us at this
time." Cyril Wagner sought the meeting in a recent telephone
conversation with Reynolds, Reed said.
    Wagner and Brown, along with AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG>,
recently launched a surprise tender offer for GenCorp. The
offer is worth 2.23 billion dlrs.
    Reed said under the circumstances the 100 dlr per share
tender offer, which expires April 15, is a fair offer. GenCorp
gained 3-1/2 to 114 today on the NYSE.
    Reed outlined a plan to reshape GenCorp in the event his
group wins control. He said aerospace, soft drink bottling and
entertainment units are potential divestiture candidates. He
said the tire business, which the group wants to keep, may be
more viable if merged with another tire company.
    "One option would be to try to grow the tire business
through combination or an acquisition," Reed said. He said he
believes such a merger could create a stronger force in the
tire industry.
    Gary Miller, chief financial officer of AFG, said his
company has a record of acquiring mature businesses and
boosting productivity. Automation and incentives tied to profit
sharing have been used with success, he said.
    In the case of GenCorp's RKO General broadcasting stations,
Reed said the plan of the partners is to step into GenCorp's
shoes and proceed with plans to  sell the stations.
    The partners said if they succed in acquiring GenCorp they
intend to consummate sale of WOR-TV in New York to MCA Inc
&lt;MCA>. GenCorp last year entered into an agreement to sell the
station for 387 mln dlrs.
    The partners also said if they acquire Gencorp they would
also proceed with the proposed sale of KHJ-TV in Los Angeles to
Walt Disney Co &lt;DIS>. RKO General would receive 217 mln dlrs
and Fidelilty Television, which challenged the license, would
get about 103 mln dlrs.
    The partners also said the Federal Communications
Commission established an expedited schedule for receiving
comments on their request for special temporary authorization
of proposed trust arrangements while the FCC considers a formal
application for transfer of the broadcast unit.
    Reed said he was pleased with the expedited schedule
because it provides time for the agency to act on the request
before the expiration of the tender offer.
    He said it was the aim of the partners to move as quickly
as possible to eliminate uncertainty surrounding the stations.
    Asked about criticism of the takeover attempt voiced by
some municipal officials in Akron, Ohio, where GenCorp is
headquartered, Reed said, "the plan of the partners offers long
term growth for Ohio."
    He noted that the aerospace business, slated for
divestiture under the partners' plan, is located in California.
"Our program is one that overall would provide the greatest
long term growth for all segments," he said.
 Reuter

Connecticut Energy Corp said
its Southern Connecticut Gas Co unit filed with state
regulators a letter of intent to raise its rates by 2.7 pct, or
about 4.2 mln dlrs, beginning in late 1987.
    The company said it expects to file a formal application
with the Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control
within 60 days.
    The company said a rate increase is needed to cover higher
operating and maintenance expenses that have occurred since it
last received a rate hike of three pct, or 4.8 mln dlrs, in
January 1985.
 Reuter

First Federal Savings of
Arkansas FA said a federal district court denied a motion
seeking class-action status for a lawsuit that alleges the bank
violated securities laws in an offering of common stock.
    The lawsuit alleges that First Federal violated securities
laws in connection with its initial public offering.
 Reuter

The latest round of talks between
Philippine officials and the country's commercial bank
creditors on the rescheduling of 9.4 billion dlrs worth of debt
are still proceeding, but with a narrower focus, Philippine
Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin said.
    He told a press briefing Wednesday that Manila has dropped
a two-tier interest payment offer, which would have given banks
a higher return if they took partial payment in new Philippine
investment notes (PINs) instead of in cash.
    "The PINs proposal has been laid aside.... The discussion is
now on pricing (of just the cash payments)," he said.
    Foreign banking sources in Manila said on Tuesday that the
Philippines had raised its basic interest rate offer to 7/8
over the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) but Ongpin would
not discuss details of the pricing negotiations.
    He also refused to speculate on when an overall agreement
might be reached. The talks have been going on for more than
three weeks.
    Manila originally offered to pay interest in cash at 5/8
over LIBOR or in a mixture of cash and PINs -- tradeable,
dollar-denominated, zero coupon notes that could potentially
yield up to one point over LIBOR.
    The PINs option was subsequently modified to guarantee at
least a 7/8 point spread over LIBOR but many bankers still had
grave reservations, seeing it as a possible precedent for other
large debtors to avoid paying interest in cash.
    The PINs proposal has now been left on the table as a
separate option for those banks, which might want to fund their
own investments in the Philippines or sell the notes in the
secondary market, Ongpin said.
    Under Manila's plan, the PINs would be redeemable at full
face value in Philippine pesos to fund local equity investments
at any time prior to their six-year maturity date.
    While the commercial banks had their doubts about the PINs
proposal, Ongpin said there was great interest on the part of
certain investment banks which are already active in the
secondary market for sovereign debt.
    Unlike current debt/equity schemes, Ongpin said, the PINs
would include no government fees and would be free from
"administrative hassles."
    He said about six investment banks had been approached and
four had replied so far. One even showed interest in buying 45
mln dlrs worth of notes, he said.
    Ongpin said that by funding current interest payments in
the secondary market through the PINs scheme, the Philippines
could conserve at least one to 1.5 billion dlrs of foreign
exchange reserves during its planned seven-year restructuring
period.
 REUTER

Short-dated Saudi riyal interest rates
firmed but other rates were steady in quiet trading, dealers
said.
    "Day-to-day money is a bit tighter," one trader said.
    Overnight rose two points to six pct, while most quotes for
tomorrow/next and spot/next were 1/2 point higher at around
six, 5-1/2 pct.
    The periods were essentially steady at 5-7/8, 5/8 pct for
one month, 6-1/2, 3/8 pct for three, and 6-7/8, 11/16 for six
months.
    The spot riyal stood at 3.7500/05 to the dollar after
3.7506/09 yesterday.
 REUTER

USACafes LP said sales at its Bonanza
Restaurant unit rose 16.6 pct to a record 10.4 mln dlrs for the
week ended March 22.
    That compares with sales of 8,909,000 dlrs for the
comparable week last year, the partnership said.
    USACafes, which said year-to-date sales from the Bonanza
chain were up 13 pct, attributed the increase to the budget
steakhouse chain's decision to add chicken, seafood and salad
entrees to its menu.
    It said the new entrees now account for two-thirds of the
chain's sales.
 Reuter

Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
major nations are taking action to stabilise exchange rates in
line with their agreement in Paris last month, government
sources said.
    Miyazawa told an Upper House session the six nations --
Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S. And West Germany --
are abiding by the Paris accord. The six agreed to cooperate to
stabilise exchange rates at around current levels.
    Miyazawa said he wishes to attend a meeting of seven major
nations (G-7) expected just before the IMF/World Bank Interim
Committee meeting in Washington starting on April 9.
    The sources quoted Miyazawa as saying Japan is trying to
prevent a further rise of the yen. Japan is taking the matter
seriously, he added.
    Asked if the six nations had agreed to stabilise the dollar
at about 153 yen, the rate prevailing at the time of the Paris
talks, Miyazawa declined to give specific figures and said any
mention of specific rates would create an "unexpected situation."
 REUTER

The rebates granted at yesterday's EC
sugar tender represent a further concession to producers'
complaints that they are losing money on exports outside the
bloc, trade sources said.
    They said the maximum rebate of 45.678 European currency
Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos was 0.87 Ecus below what producers
claim is needed to obtain the equivalent price to that offered
for sales into intervention.
    The rebate at last week's tender was 1.3 Ecus short of the
level producers thought necessary and that of the previous week
was 2.5 Ecus below this level.
    But the sources said producers who have offered a total of
854,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention in an apparent
attempt to persuade the Commission to set higher maximum
rebates have given no formal indication to the Commission that
they intend to withdraw these offers.
    The French and German operators involved would be able to
withdraw the offers up to five weeks after April 1 when the
sugar will officially enter intervention stores.
    The five-week period is the normal delay between sugar
going into intervention and payment being made for it.
    EC officials have said that if the Commission has to buy
the sugar, it is determined immediately to resell it, a move
which could drive down market prices further.
 REUTER

The Fried. Krupp GmbH
&lt;KRPG.D> steel and engineering group said it had a satisfactory
1986 despite a provisional 12 pct fall in total group sales to
18.1 billion marks from 20.7 billion the previous year.
    Third party turnover declined to 15.9 billion from 18.5
billion in 1985 while orders slipped to 15.5 billion marks from
16.9 billion, it said in a preliminary statement.
    Despite these figures, which reflected the dollar's
weakness against the mark and oil and raw materials price
falls, it said 1986 was a satisfactory year.
    The reason was the continued expansion of the machinery and
plant sector, which accounted for 42 pct of total sales.
    Krupp added that some areas of the mechanical engineering
business achieved notable growth rates and acquisitions had
underpinned machinery and component activities.
    An orders decline in the steel and, in particular, the
trading and services sectors, affected the group's total order
figures.
    However, "all business sectors contributed to the positive
results achieved in 1986," Krupp added, without giving details.
    Domestic orders decreased by five pct to 9.6 billion marks
from the previous year and foreign orders fell 14 pct to 5.9
billion, it said. Foreign business accounted for 38 pct of
orders against 40 pct in 1985.
    Orders received by the machinery and plant sector, 11
member companies which comprise the core area of the group,
rose by four mln marks last year to 6.9 billion, Krupp said.
    The group's orders in hand amounted to 9.1 billion marks at
end-December 1986 from 10.3 billion at the start of the year.
    Orders received by the steel sector last year decreased by
three pct to 6.2 billion marks from 1985, it said.
    The steel market weakened increasingly over the year,
mainly because of exchange rate movements, the deterioration in
foreign trade and a downturn in a number of customer
industries.
    The difficult market for sections and flats of quality
steel depressed order tonnages by around seven pct, Krupp said.
But special steel boosted by strong demand for stainless
cold-rolled flats, grew by five pct in tonnage terms.
 REUTER

Solar Systems by Sun Dance said its board
has extended the date until which its 1986 warrants and
redeemable warrants may be exercised at 50 cts each to April 30
from March 31.
    It said it plans no further extension.
 Reuter

Raytheon Co said D. Brainerd
Holmes, who retired as Raytheon president in May 1986, has
resigned from the board effective April One.
    The company said Ferdinand Colloredo-Mansfield, chairman of
Cabot, Cabot and Forbes, will succeed Holmes on the board.
 Reuter

Qtly div 47-1/2 cts vs 47-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay 20 April
    Record 6 April
 Reuter

Baltimore Gas and Electric Co said it
filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to sell 100 mln dlrs of unsecured debt.
    The debt filing was registered under the SEC's shelf
procedure which gives the utility up to two years to sell its
debt.
    Once the registration becomes effective Baltimore Gas and
Electric will be able to issue debt on short notice as market
or corporate conditions warrant.
   
 Reuter

Mine Safety Appliances Co said it
will sell through its German subsidiary, Auergesellschaft, its
controlling interest in MSA (Africa), (PTY) Ltd, of
Johannesburg, South Africa to Boart International, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Anglo American Corp of South Africa Ltd
&lt;ANGL>.
    The company said the terms of the sale were not disclosed.
    The company will operate as Boart-MSA (PTY) Ltd, it said.
    L.N. Short Jr, president of the company, said it sold the
unit because of slumping profits due to South Africa's economic
decline.
 Reuter

Allis-Chalmers Corp said it
has sold its Elex Ag unit in Zurich, Switzerland, to private
investors for an undisclosed amount.
    The company said Elex produces electrostatic precipitators
used in air pollution control.
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 4,255,000 vs 11.5 mln
    Revs 199.4 mln vs 258.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 24.4 mln vs 45.5 mln
    Revs 639.7 mln vs 824.3 mln
 Reuter

UAL Inc's diversification into hotels
and rental cars may be its downfall, analysts said.
    Digesting its acquisitions of hotels, Pan Am Corp's Pacific
air routes, and Hertz rental cars, combined with stiff air fare
competition has left the company with an undervalued stock
price, analysts said.
    The vulnerability of UAL's stock has fueled takeover
speculation, as have reports that real estate magnate Donald
Trump has bought a large amount of its stock.
    Today, a UAL executive told Reuters its chairman Richard
Ferris spoke with Trump last week. Trump said his interest in
the stock was as an investment, but the executive said the
company does not know how much Trump owns or whether he has any
other plans.
    UAL senior vice president Kurt Stocker said the company
believes its diversification strategy will work since it can
feed customers from one business to another. Several weeks ago,
it announced the new name of Allegis, to be taken in May.
    "The strategy that Dick Ferris was talking about a couple
weeks ago when we announced the Allegis name is that the whole
really ends up to be worth more than the sum of the parts.
Unfortunately, some people haven't really come to this
understanding," Stocker said.
    But those same parts - Westin Hotels, Hertz rental cars,
United Airlines and its reservation system - also has Wall
Street calculating a wide range of breakup values from about
100 dlrs per share to 130 dlrs per share.
    Analysts aren't so sure the strategy is going to work. They
mention Transworld Corp, initially Trans World Airlines,
as an example of an airline diversification gone wrong.
Transworld Corp ended up spinning off its TWA airline.
Transworld, now TW Services, is selling Hilton International to
UAL.
    "If you want to be negatively biased you say it's a stupid
philosophy, and if you're United and you put billions of dlrs
into other acquisitions, this is a good idea. There's not much
evidence one way or the other," said Dean Witter analyst Mark
Daugherty.
    "In the short or long run, they all (UAL's businesses) make
money and perform well," said Stocker. He said the stock price
hasn't caught on since the strategy is relatively new.
    Analysts say it's because earnings are relatively poor.
Earnings last year were 25 cts per share. Louis Marckesano of
Janney Montgomery predicts 1987 net of 3.50 dlrs per share.
    "They're potential is enormous. I think their problem has
been execution. The strike was the single biggest factor that
set them back in 1985. Last year, the whole industry was
involved in fare wars. They were hit harder by the fare wars
than anyone else," said Marckesano.
    Marckesano said United Airlines was particularly hurt by
the fare wars because it shares a Denver hub with Texas Air
Corp's price-slashing Continental Airlines.
    Analysts said the same strategy which has contributed to an
undervalued stock price may also result in a strong takeover
defense. They said UAL paid a lot for some of its assets and
that in itself may make the company undesireable.
    "I think they have a fairly tough management that will at
least be able to do battle with a potential shark and may well
be able to defeat them. These guys aren't pushovers," said
Steve Lewins, an airline analyst at Citicorp.
    Lewins believes the company could ultimately boost the
stock price to a level that would reflect its assets, but it
will take time and improvements in earnings.
    "If they put their nose to the grindstone, we're talking
about years for anyone (in the airline industry)," he said.
"The whole unwinding of the battle of Texas Air is going to
take years, establishing the Pacific in competition with (NWA
Inc &lt;NWA>) Northwest is going to take until 1990," Lewins said.
     UAL today rose 2-1/2 to 62-1/2 on heavy volume of 1.9 mln
shares.
 Reuter

Nordson Corp said its board
declared a 3-for-2 stock split to be paid as a 50 pct stock
dividend on April 30 to shareholders of record April 10.
    As a result, the number of shares outstanding will increase
to 10.2 mln from 6.8 mln, the maker of industrial equipment
said.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss 16 cts vs loss 44 cts
    Oper net loss 8,926,000 vs loss 14.4 mln
    Revs 9,920,000 vs 21.2 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 4.30 dlrs vs loss 2.24 dlrs
    Oper net loss 221.8 mln vs loss 53.7 mln
    Revs 51.4 mln vs 94.4 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes losses from discontinued operations
of 228,000 dlrs vs 4,253,000 dlrs for qtr and 10.4 mln dlrs vs
14.2 mln dlrs for year.
 Reuter

UAL Inc, which on May 1 becomes Allegis
Corp, said it established a direct communications link between
its Apollo Services reservations system and Budget Rent a Car,
Hilton Hotels and Hilton International Hotels.
    Under the new system, all Budget, Hilton and Hilton
International hotel reservations made through Apollo, which is
owned by UAL's Covia Corp, will pass the ARINC system and speed
up time it takes to complete a traveler's reservation, the
company said.
 Reuter

Varity Corp, earlier reporting a full
year loss against a prior year profit, said improvement is
expected in the balance of fiscal 1987 as new products fill the
inventory pipeline, cutbacks in operating costs are realized
and its newly acquired Dayton Walther business is fully
integrated.
    However, operating results are likely to remain under
pressure in the first quarter ending April 30, it said.
    Varity earlier reported a loss for fiscal 1986 ended
January 31 of 23.3 mln U.S. dlrs, compared to a year-earlier
profit of 3.9 mln dlrs.
    Varity said continued deterioration in major markets, a
weakening U.S. dollar and unforeseen delays in launching major
new lines of tractors contributed to the full year loss.
    Industry demand for farm machinery continued to erode
during the latest fiscal year, with worldwide industry retail
sales of tractors sliding more than 10 pct below last year's
depressed levels, the company said.
    However, Varity increased its share of the global tractor
market by more than one pct to 18.2 pct, it said.
    The combined impact of costly sales incentives and foreign
exchange adjustments on margins was substantial, Varity said.
 Reuter

FPL Group Inc's Florida Power and Light
Co unit said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities
and Exchange Commission for the future sale, through one or
more offerings, of one mln shares of serial preferred stock.
    It said that these shares, together with 150,000 shares of
preferred stock that are unissued under a previous shelf
registration, should cover the utility's preferred stock
financing needs for the next two years.
 Reuter

The Federal Aviation Administration
said it will require cockpit voice recorders to be installed on
all newly made commuter aircraft by May 26 1989.
    The FAA said data from the cockpit voice recorder, which
makes a record of cockpit conversation during flight, was
invaluable to accident investigators.
    The new rule covers newly made jet and turbo prop commuter
aircraft that carry six or more passengers and that must be
flown by two pilots.
 Reuter

The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
said it took control of the South Florida Banks and transferred
its assets and deposits to a newly chartered federal mutual
association.
    The Bank Board said it approved a new five-member board for
the association. South Florida was a state chartered stock
institution with 175.2 mln dlrs in assets.
    The Bank Board said the savings bank suffered from poorly
underwritten loans and investments plus a high cost of funds
and operating expenses, including excessive compensation of
some former officers.
 Reuter

Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Pay June one
    Record May four
 Reuter


******Sumita says major nations will continue to cooperate to stabilize currencies
Blah blah blah.



The monetary authorities of the major
industrialised countries lost their credibility this week as
the dollar was sold off despite pleas from ministers and
widespread central bank intervention, dealers said.
    The dollar's fall below 150 yen, which follows last month's
Paris currency stabilisation agreement by the U.S., Japan, West
Germany, Britain, France and Canada, is a dramatic reversal of
the success of the Group of Five (G-5) 1985 New York Plaza
meeting to weaken the dollar, they said.
    The G-5 and the market agreed in 1985 that the dollar was
overvalued but this time the market and the authorities are on
different sides, dealers said.
    Apparent confusion in the ranks of the G-5 nations has
encouraged the market to challenge the authorities despite
concerted intervention by the central banks of the United
States, Japan, Britain and West Germany, they said.
    Pleas by Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa for
action to stabilise the dollar were matched over the weekend by
comments by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker that there was
no target zone for the dollar. The dollar was sold anyway.
    Yesterday's comment by Baker that he stood by the Paris
accord did nothing to reverse sentiment, dealers said.
    The intervention, backed by remarks by Fed Chairman Paul
Volcker and Japanese central bank governor Satoshi Sumita,
which a few months ago would have brought the dollar fall to a
halt, has done little but slow the rate of its decline, they
noted.
    The situation has again raised the question of whether
intervention can succeed against the trend in today's huge
currency markets. Dealers said the market's cool response to
intervention reflected a basic oversupply of dollars.
    "This means that the current dollar selling is not of a
sheer speculative nature but backed by real demand," said Koichi
Miyazaki, deputy general manager at Sanwa Bank.
    Dealers said the dollar will remain weak despite the
intervention and it is only a matter of time before some
operators try to push it below 148 yen. The dollar closed in
Tokyo today at 149.40 against New York's 149.30/40. Its record
low was 148.40 in Tokyo last Tuesday.
    Dealers said the dollar will gain only temporary support to
rise above 150 yen toward early April when the Group of Seven
industrial nations meets to discuss currencies again.
    The market expects the seven nations (the Paris six plus
Italy) to try to agree on another way to stabilise currencies
apart from intervention, a chief dealer at a U.S. Bank said.
    Dealers said they were unsure what other methods could be
used and they are sceptical anyway about how long the Paris
accord nations, particulary the U.S., Will remain willing to
prevent a further dollar fall given the continuing high U.S.
Trade deficit, especially with Japan.
    Further pressure from a protectionist U.S. Congress for a
lower dollar is also limiting Washington's options, they said.
    The market now thinks the central bank action is to slow
the dollar fall, not to push it back over 150 yen, said
Tadahiko Nashimoto, manager at Long Term Credit Bank of Japan.
    Another bearish factor for the dollar is expected large
forward dollar sales from April to June for export bills
falling due for Japanese exporters from April to September.
    The exporters had delayed in expectation of a further yen
depreciation, dealers said.
    Yesterday's request to 30 trading houses by the Ministry of
International Trade and Industry to restrict dollar sales looks
ineffective in light of this real demand, they said.
    The market is also anticipating active institutional dollar
sales to hedge currency risks on bond holdings from the new
business year starting April 1, dealers said.
    "The market seems to have established a new dollar trading
range between 147 and 149 yen," one dealer said.
    The dollar traded between 151 and 153 yen after the Paris
accord on February 22 and 150 yen was then considered the low
end for the dollar against the yen, he said.
    Some dealers now believe that if the dollar falls below 148
yen, it will pick up renewed downward momentum and slide to
145.
 REUTER


******ENCOR ENERGY CORP INC YR NET LOSS 406.6 MLN VS PROFIT 35.4 MLN
Blah blah blah.



Team Inc said it will introduce a line
of repair products for electrical distribution and transmission
equipment for the utility industry in May.
    The new products include a transformer repair service which
will seal oil leaks in transformers. Other products include a
new licensed repair method of electrical porcelain, and a newly
developed concrete repair service.
    Team said it expects to continue to sell equipment and
attempt to reduce losses to generate positive cash flow.
Earlier, Team reported third quarter net income of 91,000 dlrs
on sales of 11.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

O'Brien Energy Systems Inc said it
has signed a 12-year 12 mln dlr lease with Citicorp covering
its wood gasification project in Quincy, Fla.
    O'Brien said it retains rights to the residual value of the
project and may participate in the development of additional
electric generating facilities as part of a second phase of the
project, which started operating January One.
 Reuter

Qtrly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay  Aug  14, 1987
    Record April One, 1987
 Reuter

International Cocoa Organization, ICCO,
Council chairman, Denis Bra Kanon, said he will attempt to
reach a compromise on buffer stock rules for the International
Cocoa Agreement.
    Bra Kanon called for bilateral consultations among
producers and consumers Thursday morning to resolve outstanding
differences on how much non-member cocoa the buffer stock can
purchase and differentials to be fixed for different origin
cocoa, consumer delegates told reporters.
    Bra Kanon is expected to meet with about eight delegations
individually in attempt to iron out remaining problems.
    Producers and consumers indicated support "in principle" for
the draft buffer stock rules package formulated over the past
week by a small working group, consumer delegates said.
    Despite remaining differences delegates remained confident
a buffer stock accord would be agreed to by Friday when the
council session ends, but certain technical points need further
clarification, the delegates said.
    Certain consumers are concerned that differentials included
in the draft buffer stock package are out of line with market
realities, consumer delegates said.
    Unless these are modified there are fears it would promote
purchases of quality cocoas, such as Ghana origin, which are
normally required by manufacturers, they said.
    Restrictions on buffer stock purchases of non-member cocoa
might lead to a supply overhang in Malaysian cocoa, which would
depress prices, they added.
 Reuter


******LOMAC TO PAY 17 MLN DLRS TO CLEAN SITE IN FIRST SUPERFUND-2 SETTLEMENT
Blah blah blah.



Detroit Edison Co said it filed a shelf
registration for the proposed offering of one billion dlrs in
general and refunding mortgage bonds.
    The offering will be underwritten by Morgan Stanley and Co
Inc. Detroit Edison said the bonds will be offered to the
public this year and next, with the first bond sale scheduled
for early next month.
    Net proceeds from the sale will be used to refund
obligations under the company's Belle River Project financing
and to refund or replace funds utilized by the company for the
purpose of meeting debt and equity obligations.
 Reuter


Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said the U.S. trade deficit should start to decline soon,
possibly in the figures for February or March.
    "We could see the trade deficit start down in February or
March," Baldrige said in an appearance before the Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee.
    He predicted the trade deficit, which was 170 billion dlrs
in 1986, would decline by 30 to 40 billion dlrs in 1987 and in
1988.
    Baldrige said he was making his prediction without having
seen the February trade figures, but he said that the volume of
imports has dropped beginning with the fourth quarter of 1986
and will continue to drop in this quarter.
    The eventual turnaround in the monthly trade figures will
reflect the impact of the decline in the dollar, Baldrige said.
    Ealier, Treasury Secretary James Baker told the committee
that the trade deficit had levelled off, but Baldrige said he
was more optimistic, adding, "I think we turned the corner in
February."
 Reuter

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he believes proposed legislation calling for
mandatory acreage reductions has little support in Congress and
voiced Reagan administration opposition to it.
    "The administration would be very much opposed to that
legislation," he told a Virginia Farm Bureau lunch.
    "But fortunately I don't detect a strong interest in that
legislation." He added, "I doubt there will be (enough) support
to get it out."
    The controversial bill, supported by Representative Richard
Gephardt, a Missouri Democrat, calls for a national referendum
to be conducted that could result in mandatory unpaid acreage
cuts of up to 35 pct, paid land diversion beyond that level if
necessary and a marketing quota.
   
 Reuter


******S/P DOWNGRADES CHASE, CHEMICAL, IRVING, MANUFACTURERS, MELLON AND SECURITY PACIFIC
Blah blah blah.



Unocal Corp said it intends to
increase its spending for capital projects to 929 mln dlrs in
1987, eight pct more than the 862 mln spent in 1986.
    The company said in its annual report that it would
increase spending for exploration and development of petroleum
resources by about three pct to 614 mln dlrs from 1986's 595
mln dlrs, assuming oil prices hold around current levels.
    The planned spending for exploration and production in 1987
remains well below the 1.1 billion dlrs spent in 1985, Unocal
said.
    The company's proved developed and undeveloped reserves of
crude oil rose slightly in 1986, Unocal said. Net crude oil and
condensate reserves were 752 mln bbls as of Dec 31, 1986,
compared to 751 mln bbls at the end of 1985, Unocal said.
    The company said its net crude oil and condensate
production averaged 248,200 barrels per day in 1986 compared to
251,300 bpd in 1985.
    Unocal said its worldwide natural gas reserves were 6.07
billion cubic feet in 1986 compared to 1985's 6.19 billion. Net
natural gas output averaged 976 mln cubic feet per day in 1986,
down 10 pct from 1985's 1,084 mln, the company said.
    Unocal said its average sales prices for crude oil was
12.67 dlrs a barrel worldwide in 1986 compared to 23.81 dlrs in
1985, and its average sales price for natural gas was 2.03 dlrs
per thousand cubic feet in 1986 against 2.24 dlrs in 1985.
    Average production costs for crude oil and natural gas
declined nearly 30 pct to 3.41 dlrs per bbl of oil equivalent
in 1986 from 4.81 dlrs in 1985, Unocal said.
    In the annual report, the company called for imposition of
an oil import fee by the U.S. government to set a floor price
of about 25 dlrs a barrel for crude oil.
    "Simply stabilizing prices at about 18 dlrs per barrel    
will not materialy slow the drop in U.S. production or the rise
in imports," Chairman Fred Hartley said in the annual report.
    "Without decisive action in Washington, this nation will
once again become a hostage to OPEC's plans and policies,"
Hartley said.
 Reuter

Peru's foreign debt obligation this year
totaled 6.3 billion dlrs, including maturities falling due and
overdue payments, equivalent to almost twice its expected
exports of goods and services, Central Bank President Leonel
Figueroa said.
    He told the InterAmerican Development Bank (IADB) annual
meeting here that Peru will have to maintain its 10 pct limit
on debt payments to preserve growth.
    Figueroa said gdp grew by almost nine pct in 1986, while
inflation dropped to 63 pct from an annual rate of 280 pct in
the first half of 1985.
 Reuter

Colombia plans to maintain foreign
borrowing at levels similar to the 1982-86 period, during which
it received a net 1.3 billion dlrs net of repayments, Finance
Minister Cesar Gaviria said.
    He told the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) annual
meeting here that despite Latin America's debt crisis, Colombia
continues to achieve positive credit flows reflecting the
strength of its economy that grew five pct last year.
    Public Credit Director Mauricio Cabrera said Colombia plans
to launch a foreign bond issue in the second half of 1987,
possibly for 60 mln dlrs.
    Cabrera said a 50 mln dlr floating rate note (FRN) issue by
Colombia is expected to close next month. It carries a 1-1/8
pct margin over Libor, with a seven year maturity and four
years grace.
    He also told Reuters he did not expect any increase in
Colombia's financing needs as a result of current falling
coffee prices, after a surge last year doubled export income
from this source to around three billion dlrs.
    "The drop will simply bring us back to 1985 levels, with a
loss of no more than about 100 mln dlrs," he said.
    Colombia, with a total foreign debt of around 13 billion
dlrs, has a foreign borrowing programme of around three billion
dlrs this year, of which about one billion is new credits.
    Its foreign reserves ended 1986 at 3.5 billion dlrs,
equivalent to more than nine months of imports and
non-financial services, and GDP growth is again expected to
reach five pct this year, Gaviria said.

 Reuter

The underwriting syndicate expects the
Finance Ministry to propose a 0.2 to 0.3 percentage point cut
in the coupon of the 10-year government bond to be issued in
April from the five pct March issue, underwriting sources said.
    The expected proposal is likely to await passage of a
provisional budget for 1987/88 starting April 1 by the Lower
House of Parliament on March 30, the sources said.
    Issue volume is likely to be 1,200 to 1,400 billion yen
against 475 billion in March, they said. Projected issue price
is around par against 99.50 for the March bond, they said.
 REUTER

Sri Lanka will appeal to its major aid
donors for at least 21 mln dlrs in financial support to help it
overcome the country's worst drought in 26 years.
    Government officials told Reuters that letters detailing
the extent of the drought would be sent this week to the 14
countries that gave some 700 mln dlrs in development aid to Sri
Lanka last year. These include Australia, Canada, Japan,
Britain, the U.S. And West Germany.
    Officials in the Finance and Planning Ministry coordinating
the aid request said Sri Lanka wanted the money over a
six-month period.
    Foreign Minister Tyronne Fernando last week briefed
representatives of aid-donor countries and international relief
agencies on the drought and made a general appeal for help.
    The state had disbursed 800,000 dlrs by February for the
most badly affected districts, but the Finance and Planning
Ministry officials said no further relief was available from
the budget.
 REUTER

Navistar International Corp expects its
fiscal 1987 capital spending to rise to 100 mln dlrs, up from
74 mln dlrs a year ago, Chairman-elect James Cotting told
reporters after the annual meeting.
    Cotting said much of the spending will go toward
modernization of the company''s painting operations at its
Springfield, Ohio truck assembly plant. The balance will be
used to increase productivity at its various facilities.
    In answer to a question, Neil Springer, who on April 1
becomes chairman of the company's new truck and engine holding
company, Navistar International Transportation Corp, said the
company's goal is to reduce costs 25 pct by 1990.
    Noting that purchased material now accounts for 81 pct of
its cost of production, Springer said Navistar intends to enter
similar relationships to one it has with Dana Corp &lt;CDN>, in
which the two companies are coordinating design, manufacture,
distribution and service of components to cut costs.
    Springer said because of overcapacity in some sectors,
price discounting will continue to plague the truck
manufacturing industry.
    He said the heavy truck industry is operating at 65 pct of
capacity, up 10 pct from a year ago with medium truck operating
at 73 pct of capacity, about level with a year ago.
    Springer said Navistar itself is operating at "over 70 pct
of capacity" in heavy trucks and at more than 90 pct in medium
trucks.
    Asked when Navistar would begin making acquisitions,
Springer said "We're ready now, but we have no specific
timetable."
    Earlier, at the annual meeting, stockholders gave a
standing ovation to retiring Chairman Donald Lennox, who during
an eight-year tenure was cited for redirecting the company
toward profitability. Lennox told reporters he was assuming
chairmanship of privately held Schlegel Corp, Rochester, N.Y.
He said he hoped to take the 100-year-old manufacturer with 300
mln dlrs in sales public within two years.
 Reuter

Newmont Gold Corp expects gold sales
in 1987 to rise about 22 pct to 577,000 ounces from 1986's
474,000 ounces, the company said in its annual report.
    Newmont Gold, 95 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM>,
said it expects significant increases in gold sales in 1988 and
1989 as well.
 Reuter

International Cocoa Organization (ICCO)
talks on buffer stock rules have slowed during a crucial phase
of negotiations, delegates said, but they remained confident
about prospects for reaching agreement by Friday.
    Cocoa producers, European Community (EC) consumers and all
consumers separately reviewed technical details of a buffer
stock rules package distributed yesterday.
    The buffer stock working group of consumers and producers
was set to meet later today to debate the proposal jointly for
the first time, they said.
    Delegates said major sticking points were likely to be the
amount of non-member cocoa allowed to be bought for the buffer
stock, and the fixed price differentials at which different
origin cocoas will be offered to the buffer stock manager.
    Producers would prefer that non-member cocoa not be
included in the buffer stock because, if it is, countries such
as Malaysia benefit from the cocoa agreement without joining
it, the delegates said.
 Reuter

Micro Display Systems Inc said it
has written orders exceeding 1.5 mln dlrs in the European
market for its full-page display computer monitor, The Genius.
    The company first began direct marketing The Genius to
Europe in mid-January.
    It forecast that more than 700,000 dlrs of the orders will
be shipped by the end of March, with the balance shipped within
the next three months.
 Reuter

Brazil is preparing a new economic
strategy intended to protect domestic growth, Finance Ministry
sources said.
    A presidential spokesman said President Jose Sarney had
authorised the government's economic team to prepare the new
plan as soon as possible.
    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said last night the plan
would reflect "an important battle to protect the country's
development and keep it from recession."
    Funaro, who helped lead the anti-inflation Cruzado Plan
launched in February 1986, has come under increasing attack
over the past few days following the resignation of Planning
Minister Joao Sayad on March 17. Observers say the plan has
failed to stabilise the country's economy.
    Sayad submitted a new package calling for a 90-day prices
and a wage freeze, but met opposition from Sarney and Funaro.
    Foreign Ministry sources said the new strategy was being
prepared by economists Persio Arida and Andre Lara Resende,
both former Central Bank officials said to have played leading
roles in the Cruzado Plan.
   The new plan will define the terms on which Brazil will seek
rescheduling of its 109 billion dlr foreign debt.
    On February 20, Brazil suspended servicing of 70 billion
dlrs of debt to private foreign banks.
    Funaro said last night Brazil wants a rescheduling program
spread over four years, and added that it had to include new
loans to keep the domestic economy growing.
    "In the past two years Brazil paid 24 billion dlrs in
servicing of its foreign debt, while only getting two billion
dlrs in new loans," Funaro said.
  REUTER


******TWA SOLD FOUR MLN SHARES OF USAIR BELIEVED TO INSTITUTIONS, WALL STREET SOURCES
Blah blah blah.



A leading U.S. farm-state
Congressman, Jerry Huckaby, D-La., warned he will press next
year for legislation to control domestic production of
sweeteners, perhaps including corn sweeteners, if the industry
fails to voluntarily halt output increases this year.
    "We're moving toward a direction where we could
self-destruct (the U.S. sugar program)," Rep. Huckaby, chairman
of the House agriculture subcommittee dealing with sugar
issues, told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, who told U.S. sugarbeet growers earlier this year
they must halt production increases, said he will deliver the
same message to Louisiana sugarcane growers Friday. He also
said he will soon talk with corn refiners on the subject.
    Huckaby said the campaign to urge a halt to domestic
sweetener output increases is an effort to forestall further
cuts in the sugar import quota, now at one mln short tons.
    "I think if we're talking about dropping (the quota)
another half mln tons, lets say, you're getting to the point
where the program might not work," he said.
    "Ideally, I'd like to freeze things right where we are,"
said Huckaby, leading advocate for sugar growers in Congress.
    A freeze would mean domestic sugar production at about the
current level of 6.5 mln tons, the corn sweetener share of the
U.S. market staying at just over 50 pct, and U.S sugar imports
holding at about 1.2 mln tons, Huckaby said.
    A decision on whether to seek legislation will not be made
until 1987 output numbers are known late this year, he said.
    "I feel like if we didn't expand production, we could
probably hold where we are indefinitely, or at least through
the 1985 farm bill without any changes (in the sugar program),"
Huckaby said.
    However, much depends on whether high-fructose corn syrup
producers continue to expand their share of the U.S. sweetener
market from just over 50 pct, Huckaby said.
    He noted most estimates are that corn sweeteners will
capture at most only another 10 pct of the sweetener market in
the U.S.
    But he said if there were an economic breakthrough in the
production of a new crystalline corn sweetener which further
expanded the corn sweetener share, then U.S. sugar imports
might be eliminated and U.S. sugar output severely reduced.
    Huckaby said he will deliver this message to corn refiner
companies such as A.E. Staley and Archer Daniels Midland soon.
    "This program is advantageous to the corn users. They have
some natural, legitimate self-interest in seeing that the
program is preserved," Huckaby said.
    Huckaby said he has asked sugar industry representatives to
think about how domestic output could be controlled, either
through production allocations, acreage or marketing controls.
    Huckaby also said he would be seeking guidance from the
Justice Department to determine if it would be legal to ask
corn refiners to limit production.
    "I don't know if we will go this route, but if we do
there's a question in my mind at this point in time; can you do
that legally?" he said.
    Asked if he would proceed with production controls without
the support of corn refiners, Huckaby said "You build a fragile
house if you do it that way."
    Huckaby said he understands why U.S. cane and beet farmers
have expanded production, because high sugar price support
means returns from sugar are higher than competing crops such
as soybeans and grain.
    But he said for sugar growers as a whole, expansion would
not be good policy.
    Huckaby said he has tried to stress, in his speeches to
sugar industry groups, that if growers continue to expand, they
may be penalized retroactively under any production control
legislation passed next year.
    Huckaby said Congress is unlikely to approve any changes in
the sugar program this year despite a Reagan administration
proposal to drastically slash the program.
    "The administration proposal is so drastic, that I don't
think it will get up a head of steam," Huckaby said.
    He said even a more moderate proposal to reduce sugar price
support is unlikely to be approved.
    Instead of seeking to slash the domestic sugar program,
Huckaby said the Reagan administration should file a complaint
with the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade against the
European Community's sugar policy. He said EC policies are the
major cause of the depressed world sugar market.
 Reuter

Veteran politician Giulio Andreotti
abandoned his attempts to form a government, putting Italy on
course for early elections, political sources said.
    Christian Democrat Andreotti told President Francesco
Cossiga he was unable to reconstruct the five-party coalition
after two weeks of negotiations, they said.
 Reuter


******U.S. SHOE INC 4TH QTR SHR 31 CTS VS 56 CTS
Blah blah blah.



Quaker Chemical Corp said its
board has authorized the repurchase from time to time of up to
300,000 common shares.
    Quaker now has about 6.6 mln shares outstanding.
 Reuter


CORRECTION - LONDON - CITIBANK LAUNCHES WARRANTS
    In London item "Citibank Launches Currency Warrants" please
read second paragraph as follows
    "Each warrant, priced at 47.50 dlrs, gives the holder the
right to purchase a nominal sum of 500 dlrs against marks at
1.8250 marks to the dollar or at 149.50 yen to the dollar
between March 31, 1987 and March 31, 1989."
    (Corrects dollar/mark exchange rate to 1.8250 and makes
clear that dollar purchase is against marks or yen.)
 Reuter



The U.S. Commodity Credit
Corporation (CCC) has authorized an additional 10.0 mln dlrs in
credit guarantees to cover sales of U.S. vegetable oils to
North Yemen, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department also said at the request of the North Yemen
Government five mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously
earmarked for sales of wheat have been switched to cover sales
of mixed poultry feed.
    The actions increase the value of credit guarantees for
vegetable oil for the current fiscal year to 38 mln dlrs,
reduce the guarantee coverage for sales of wheat to eight mln
dlrs and increase the coverage for sales of mixed poultry feed
to 10 mln dlrs.
    All exports must be completed by September 30, 1987.
 Reuter

Southwestern Bell Corp said that
its planned acquisitions of cellular telephone and paging
systems, including those of &lt;Metromedia Inc>, will result in
some initial earnings dilution and an increase in debt ratio.
    In a letter to shareholders in its 1986 annual report, the
regional Bell company did not indicate the degree of earnings
dilution it expects from the acquisitions, which total some
1.38 billion dlrs. However, the company said the rise in its
debt ratio will be temporary and will leave its debt level
within an acceptable range.
    In its 1986 yearend financial statement, Southwestern Bell
listed a debt-to-equity ratio of 43.4 pct, down slightly from
43.7 pct in 1985.
    In 1986, the company earned 1.02 billion dlrs, or 10.26
dlrs a share, compared with 996.2 mln dlrs, or 10 dlrs a share
in 1985. Revenues dipped to 7.90 billion dlrs from 7.93 billion
dlrs.
    Southwestern Bell said it expects the new tax law to have a
negative impact on its cash flow, due mainly to the loss of
investment tax credits.
    By mid-year, however, the company said a reduced corporate
tax rate should have a positive impact on its net income and
cash flow.
    In addition, the company said it is projecting a 1.7 pct
gain in customer telephone lines and a three to four pct
increase in long distance calling volumes.
    Southwestern Bell said 1987 capital expenditures will be
lower that the 1.97 billion dlrs spent in 1986, a year in which
expenditures were held below budget.
 Reuter


******VARITY CORP YEAR SHR LOSS 21 CTS VS LOSS 16 CTS
Blah blah blah.



The director of the Office of
Management and Budget James Miller warned that a tax increase
would jeapordise real U.S. economic growth.
    "It's a bad idea. We don't need more money to balance the
budget. We need to reduce spending and avoid things that would
halt economic expansion," Miller told students at the
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
    "I think economic growth could be threatened mightily if we
have a tax increase or by the perception that we're giving up
on deficit reduction," he said.
    Miller criticised a proposal by House speaker Jim Wright to
put a one pct tax on securities transactions.
    He said the tax would probably be ineffective because
people would avoid by holding their portfolios in other
instruments, like real estate, or simply by not trading as
often.
    Miller said he doubted this proposal would pass.
    "I think it is frankly all but political suicide to
advocate a tax increase unless the president championed it as
well," he said. "And he's not going to do it, in fact he would
veto a tax increase," Miller added.
 Reuter


said its shareholders at the annual meeting approved a
five-for-one stock split effective May 15, 1987, to holders of
record on April 15, 1987.
    The company said the split would increase the number of
authorized common shares from 440,000 to 2,200,000 shares
issued. In addition, the company said it authorized another
800,000 shares, but would not issue them at this time.
    The company also changed the stock's par value from 10 dlrs
a share to 2.50 dlrs a share.
    It explained it transferred 1,100,000 dlrs from its
undivided profits account to its capital account in order to
raise the new par value from two dlrs, under the five-for-one
split, to 2.50 dlrs.
 Reuter

Ecuador signed four loans from the
InterAmerican Development Bank (IADB) totaling 280 mln dlrs,
the IADB said.
    Ecuador's finance minister, Domingo Cordovez, and IADB
President Antonio Ortiz Mena, signed the loans after the IADB's
annual meeting here.
    A 57 mln dlr loan is for urban development, 80 mln dlrs for
industrial programs, 96 mln dlrs for highway rehabilitation
and 46 mln for farm research.
 Reuter

Brazil will not announce any
changes to its coffee export policy, Brazilian Coffee Institute
(IBC) president Jorio Dauster said.
    He told Reuters Brazil was not planning to modify the
position it held before the recent International Coffee
Organisation meeting.
    Earlier this month, talks in London to set new ICO export
quotas failed.
    Commenting on the outcome of a coffee producers' meeting in
Managua last weekend, Dauster said that they discussed nothing
involving the market.
    "In the meeting we agreed to work on behalf of the union of
the producers in matters related to an international agreement,"
Dauster said.
    The Managua meeting was attended by representatives from
Brazil, Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Costa Rica,
Nicaragua and Panama, the latter represented at the meeting
merely as an observer.
 Reuter

Vietnam has ordered its army to grow
more food to ease shortages and meet economic recovery goals
set for 1990.
    The army newspaper Quan Doi Nhan Dan, monitored here, said
soldiers must work harder to care for rice, vegetables and
other crops endangered by the present unusually hot weather.
    The paper said the 1.6-mln strong regular army contributed
less than one pct to the nation's 18.2 mln tonne food output.
    North Vietnam has set a 1990 food target of 23 to 24 mln
tonnes.
 REUTER

Japanese scientists say they have
developed a material which can help detect the killer disease
Aquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS).
    Leading Japanese AIDS scientist professor Naoki Yamamoto
told Reuters he and other scientists working at Yamaguchi
University in southern Japan have been testing the material's
ability to filter the AIDS virus from blood since last April
and produced successful results.
    He said the material, a tube made from a cellulose
membrane, could only be used to diagnose AIDS sufferers and not
cure them.
    The share price of Asahi Chemical Company&lt;ASAT.T>, which
plans to market the product in about a year's time, rose
sharply but ended the day only 27 yen higher at 905 yen a
share.
    The cellulose tubes, which Asahi will market under the name
Bemberg Microporous Membrane (BMM), can also separate the virus
of the kidney ailment hepatitis and may be applied to
diagnosing polio sufferers, vice-president of Asahi Chemical,
R. Yumikura said. Ashai will supply BMM for research purposes
soon.
    Shares of companies even remotely related to the fight
against AIDS have risen on the Tokyo stock market since the
first Japanese woman died of the disease in Kobe in January.
 REUTER

Mohawk Data Sciences Corp's
Momentum Technologies Inc affiliate said it has signed an
agreement to provide support and service for all Fivestar
Electronics Inc branded products nationwide.
    Value was not disclosed.
 Reuter

Middle South Utilities Inc is taking a
conversative approach to formulating a new common stock
dividend policy, chairman Edwin Lupberger said.
    He told securities analysts that when the company's common
dividend is resumed, "the initial rate will appear conservative
to you by industry standards and in relation MSU's net income
and cash flow."
    "Our progress will determine how soon we can reinstate a
dividend to our common stockholders, he said."
    The company last paid a common dividend of 44.5 cts a share
in July 1985.
    Lupberger told the analysts that the company's primary
objective is "to create financial strength, enough strength so
that what happened to us and our stockholders over the past
couple of years never happens again."
    The company has faced regulatory challenges to rates
proposed to cover the cost of its Grand Gulf nuclear plant.
    He said Middle South's net income is expected to post
"modest growth" over the next three years.
    In 1986, the company earned 451.3 mln dlrs or 2.21 dlrs a
share on revenues of 3.49 billion dlrs.
    Lupberger said, "A good portion of the improvement
projected for the next three years comes from keeping the lid
on operating and maintenance expenses."
   
 Reuter

The Liberian motor bulk carrier, Trave
Ore, 106,490 dwt, loaded with ore, and the 2,852 dwt West
German motor vessel Christa, collided late last night on the
River Elbe near buoy 129, Lloyds Shipping Intelligence said.
    The Trave Ore proceeded by its own means to Hamburg. The
Christa was taken in tow with a damaged bow.
    The Liberian vessel was concluding a trip from Seven
Islands to Hamburg.
 Reuter

Trans World Airlines Inc sold four mln
shares it held in USAir Group Inc, Wall Street sources said.
The sources said the buyers are believed to be a group of
institutions.
    Bear Stearns handled the trade. It crossed the four mln
shares at 45, off 1/8. Bear Stearns would not comment on buyers
or sellers.
    USAir and TWA had no immediate comment.
    USAir later said it did not buy the stock. A company
spokesman would not comment further.
    TWA earlier this month reported holding slightly more than
four mln shares, or about 15 pct of USAir. It had also proposed
a takeover of USAir, which at the time was negotiating its
proposed merger with Piedmont Aviation Inc.
    On March 16, TWA withdrew its bid, saying it did not intend
to seek control of USAir Group or to acquire more of its stock
at the time.
    TWA also said in the filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission that its chairman, Carl Icahn is the target
of an SEC probe of alleged violations of securities laws.
    In its filings with the SEC, TWA said it paid 178.2 mln
dlrs for its USAir stock.
    "With this out of the way, if it indeed was bought by
institutions, it paves the way for better value for USAir stock
later," said Janney Montgomery analyst Louis Marckesano of
TWA's sale of its stock.
    "Technically, as long as that block was overhanging the
market you didn't know what was going to happen," he said.
    USAir stock was trading at 44-3/8, off 3/4 on volume of 4.4
mln shares. TWA stock rose one to 28-1/4.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS "THROWING MONEY" AT DEBTOR NATIONS WON'T WORK
Blah blah blah.



Treasury Secretary James Baker said
the administration is confident the effect of exchange rate
changes will bring about a cut in the trade deficit this year.
    In testimony before the Senate Committee on Governmental
Affairs, Baker conceded that the effect thus far has "not yet
proved as quick or as strong as had been expected from past
experience."
    He told the committee, however, that the "initial signs are
encouraging."
 Reuter

Cyanotech Corp said it has
developed a new way to extract beta carotene from algae.
    The company said the method reduces energy requirements by
70 pct and produces 90 pct recovery.
    The company has been a commercial producer of beta carotene
since May, 1986.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
that massive new lending to the debtor nations could actually
increase their difficulties in the period ahead without
protections.
    In testimony before a Senate committee, Baker said that
"throwing money at the debtor nations won't solve their
problems."
    He said it might seem like an easy solution to the debt
problems and might appear a simple way to boost U.S. exports
and growth in the debtor nations.
    Baker told the committee that such an approach could "worsen
their difficulties unless the new financing can be productively
absorbed and is consistent with their ability to grow and
service debt."
    He said that the debt initiative that bears his name is a
long-term approach and that further progress "will be gradual
and will vary among nations, depending upon their own
determination to implement growth-oriented reforms and the
continued active support of the international community."
 Reuter

The administration is expanding its
crackdown on bad debts, officials of the White House Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) told reporters.
    OMB Deputy Director Joseph Wright said the administration
this year plans to turn over to private credit rating firms
data on about 3.5 mln "deadbeats" who are seriously behind or in
default in their payments on federal loans.
    Next year, the government will turn over to private
collection bureaus four billion dlrs in bad education loans and
three billion dlrs in other bad government loans, Wright said.
    The government is also considering letting individuals make
payments on their student loans with credit cards, officials
told reporters.
    The Internal Revenue Service is already studying the use of
credit cards to pay income taxes, but this usage would require
a change in federal law while no congressional action would be
needed for credit cards to be used for student loans, the
officials said.
    The officials disclosed these plans in releasing the third
annual OMB report to Congress on management of the U.S.
government.
    The report details steps to be taken by the administration
to increase federal efficiency and to continue President
Reagan's highly publicized "war on waste, fraud and abuse."
    According to the report, elinquent U.S. debt had soared to
68.3 billion dlrs, or 18.8 pct of total receivables, by the end
of the fiscal year that ended last Sept. 30. At the end of
fiscal 1981, when Reagan took office, bad debt stood at 29.8
billion dlrs or 12.3 pct of total debt.
    But OMB officials said other Reagan administration efforts
had already saved taxpayers 84 billion dlrs and would save
another 25 billion dlrs or so by the time Reagan left office.
 Reuter


of Delaware said its agreement to negotiate exclusively for its
sale with &lt;Oxford Financial Group> has been extended until
April 8 from March 18.
    The company said it is in the final stages of talks with
Oxford over the terms of the proposed acquisition.  Under a
nonbinding letter of intent signed in June 1986, Oxford would
pay 11 dlrs per First Federal share, subject to First Federal
shareholder approval.
 Reuter


******U.S. SECURITIES INDUSTRY ASSN BACKS RESTRAINTS ON TAKEOVERS, INSIDER TRADING
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss 13 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 18,600,000 vs profit 3,300,000
    Revs 394.0 mln vs 351.0 mln
    YEAR
    Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 23,300,000 vs profit 3,900,000
    Revs 1.36 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Note: Current yr loss includes reorganization charge of
15.2 mln dlrs vs yr-ago reorganization charge of 17.6 mln dlrs.
    Shr after preferred divs.
    U.S. dlrs.
 Reuter

Kansas City Southern Industries Inc
said it is ready to promptly purchase the Southern Pacific
Transportation Co from Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp &lt;SFX> if
the Interstate Commerce Commission rejects Sante Fe's attempt
to reopen the merger of Southern and the Atchison, Tokepa and
Santa Fe Railway.
    In a filing with the ICC late today, the company outlined
four conditions of its offer to acquire Southern Pacific.
    Among the conditions are that Santa Fe enter into an
agreement to indemnify Kansas City for any contigent liabilites
of Southern Pacific existing as of the closing date, and that
the financial condition of Southern remain largely unchanged
from today onward.
    "We are willing, even eager, to make a fair market value
offer in cash for the Southern Pacific," said Kansas City
Southern president and chief executive officer Landon H.
Rowland.
    "This offer disproves the constant derogation of the
Sourthern Pacific by SFSP management, best exemplified by SFSP
Chief Executive John Schmidt's comment in ICC hearings that the
Southern Pacific was 'bankrupt,'" said Rowland.
    He said that merging Southern with Kansas City will achieve
the benefits of an end-to-end merger while preseving the
independece of the Southern Pacific versus its existing prime
competitor, Santa Fe.
    Kansas said that Southern's management had estimated the
value of the railroad in 1983 in the range of 281 mln dlrs to
1.2 billion dlrs.
    It said that Morgan Stanley and Co Inc and Salomon Brothers
Inc, hired in 1983 to advise Southern and Santa Fe in their
merger, appraised Southern as worth between 500 mln dlrs and
800 mln dlrs less than Southern's own internal valuations.
    Kanasa City Southern said it will make an offer for
Southern after its books, records and properties are examined.
    "Once that examination has been completed (and even in the
absence of a willingnes of SFSP to negotiate) KCSI will make an
offer in writing...." said the company.
    Kansas also said it argued in the ICC filing that Santa Fe
had not met the legal requirements justifying the Commission's
reconsideration of the proposed merger of Santa Fe and Southern
Pacific, two railroads that it said basically parallel each
other throughout their routes.
    ICC voted four to one last summer to reject the merger as
inherently anticompetitive. Kansas said Santa Fe in petitioning
for reconsideration now argues that the trackage agreements
with the Union Pacific, the Denver and Rio Grande Western and
other railroads, adds to the value of the merger.
 Reuter

Metrobanc, a federal
savings bank, said its shareholders approved the previously
announced merger with Comerica Inc &lt;CMCA>, a bank holding
company.
    Metrobanc said the merger is still subject to regulatory
approval.
 Reuter

The World Bank today approved a 40
million mln dlr loan to assist an economic reform program under
way in Haiti.
    The bank said the loan is being made through its affiliate,
the International Development Association, and will be used to
restore economic confidence, approve the allocation of
resources, and stimulate economic growth.
    The bank said the the 50-year credit, which is interest
free, comes as there is growing evidence that reforms already
underway have improved the country's economic situation.
 REUTER

Clabir Corp and AmBrit Corp
said they called off their plans for Clabir to buy the 16 pct
voting interest in AmBrit that it does not already own.
    The companies said they agreed not to pursue the merger
because several actions recently taken by AmBrit would mean
substantial delays in completing the deal.
    They said they might revive merger plans at a later date or
seek other ways for Clabir to increase its holdings in AmBrit.
 Reuter

The United States Nuclear
Regulatory Commission granted a low-power operating license to
Unit 3 of the Palo Verde nuclear plant, plant's owners said.
    Owners of the Palo Verde plant include AZP Group's Arizona
Public Service Co unit, which holds a 29.1 pct interest, and
Southern California Edison &lt;SCE> and El Paso Electric Co, which
each own a 15.8 pct stake.
   The owners said the license will allow for fueling and
testing of up to five pct of the plant's power. Fueling will
begin in a few days, they said.
    The commission must review the results of the low-power
testing before it can approve full-power operation.
    The owners of plant said they expect to begin full-power
operation by the end of 1987.
   
 Reuter

New Zealand's broadly defined,
seasonally adjusted M-3 money supply grew an estimated 2.4 pct
in January against a 3.4 pct (revised from 3.6) rise in
December and a 0.7 pct rise in January 1986.
    It said unadjusted M-3 increased to an estimated 30.13
billion N.Z. Dlrs from 30.08 (revised from 30.06) billion in
December and 25.18 billion in January 1986.
    Year-on-year M-3 rose 19.66 pct in January from 17.80 pct
(revised from 17.77) in December and 20.10 pct in January 1986.
    Narrowly defined year-on-year M-1 growth was 21.94 pct in
January against 15.89 pct in December and 14.10 pct a year
earlier.
    M-1 grew to an estimated 4.72 billion dlrs against 5.03
billion in December and 3.87 billion in January 1986.
    Year-on-year private sector credit, PSC, grew 31.07 pct in
January against 30.64 pct (revised from 30.68) in December and
21.40 pct in January 1986. PSC grew to 22.69 billion dlrs from
22.24 billion in December and 17.31 billion in January 1986.
 REUTER

Senate Democratic leader Robert Byrd
yesterday failed to win the 60 votes needed to force a Senate
vote on a bill demanding President Reagan account for U.S. Aid
to the Nicaraguan Contras, including millions of dollars
diverted to the rebels from U.S. Arms sales to Iran.
    Following the defeat, Byrd said he would drop his effort,
ending congressional manoeuvring over the 40 million dlr final
instalment of a 100-million-dlr aid package approved last year
for the contras.
    Without congressional action to stop it, the aid became
legally available to the Contras last weekend.
 REUTER

Engineering group Linde
AG's &lt;LING.F> world group turnover rose to 518.6 mln marks in
the first two months of 1987, 5.2 pct more than in the same
1986 period, management board chairman Hans Meinhardt said.
    But world group incoming orders fell 2.2 pct to 587.3 mln
marks, Meinhardt told the annual news conference. Excluding
exchange rate movements, world group turnover rose 8.9 pct and
incoming orders increased 1.0 pct.
    Linde expects satisfactory results and increased sales this
year but Meinhardt gave no detailed forecast. Domestic group
1986 net profit rose to 105.79 mln marks from 80.71 mln.
    Meinhardt said domestic group turnover rose 6.7 pct to
394.1 mln marks in the first two 1987 months against the same
period last year but incoming orders fell 5.2 pct to 456.6 mln.
    Linde will ask shareholders at the annual meeting on May 13
to raise authorised share capital by a maximum 30 mln marks
nominal for the issue of share warrant bonds with a maximum
issue volume of 200 mln marks. Linde's authorised share capital
currently stands at a nominal 49.6 mln marks.
    Meinhardt said the authorisation would give the company the
necessary flexibility in case Linde needed additional funds for
acquisitions. He declined to give further details.
    While world group turnover rose 7.2 pct to 3.88 billion
marks in 1986, incoming orders were barely changed at 3.91
billion marks. Meinhardt said without the sharp appreciation of
the mark against major trading partner currencies, incoming
orders would have been four pct above the prior year's level.
    World group turnover in heavy plant construction rose 7.4
pct to 777 mln marks, but incoming orders dropped 5.7 pct to
739 mln marks in the wake of the dollar and oil price plunge.
    World sales for technical gases rose 5.1 pct to 1.05
billion marks and incoming orders gained 5.2 pct to 1.05
billion marks.
    Meinhardt said Linde strengthened its market position in
the refrigeration sector, with particularly strong turnover and
order gains in Austria, Italy and Norway. World group sales in
the sector fell 2.5 pct to 493 mln marks, but incoming orders
rose 2.5 pct to 513 mln marks.
    The fork lift truck and hydraulic sector saw world group
sales rising 12.4 pct to 1.52 billion marks and incoming orders
gaining 8.0 pct to 1.57 billion marks.
    Domestic group turnover rose 8.2 pct to 2.93 billion marks
and incoming orders increased 1.9 pct to 2.92 billion marks.
The company was producing at full capacity in 1986.
 REUTER

At least 14 people were injured and many
arrested in clashes during a one-day general strike called by
Ecuadorean workers to protest against austerity measures
imposed after a major earthquake on March 5.
    Interior Minister Luis Robles said the worst violence was
in Quito, where demonstrators threw rocks at a luxury hotel and
a number of banks.
    Over 80 people in eight cities were detained for stoning
police, attacking troops, damaging buildings and setting fire
to cars, he said. The casualty and damage toll is expected to
rise as detailed reports reach the capital from the provinces.
    Labour leaders said they shut down all of Ecuador's
industrial plants, but Labour Minister Jorge Egas said of the
country's 900 largest factories only 86 were closed, 32 were
partially working and the rest operating normally.
    The strike, called by leftist unions and declared illegal
by the government, was aimed at pressing the administration to
scrap an austerity program adopted on March 13 following an
earthquake that killed up to 1,000 people and caused an
estimated billion dlrs in damage.
 REUTER

BP International and BP North America
are seeking a five billion dlr, four year syndicated credit
facility in support of British Petroleum Co Plc's tender offer
for the 45 pct of Standard Oil Co it does not already own,
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York said as arranger.
    The facility, to be guaranteed by British Petroleum Co Plc
&lt;BP.L> is probably the largest credit facility ever arranged in
Europe, bond analysts said. Full terms will be announced either
later today or tomorrow morning. BP said earlier it planned a
tender offer for the 45 pct of Standard it does not already own
for 70 dlrs a share cash.
    The financing being arranged by Morgan Guaranty will take
the form of a fully committed revolving credit. As announced
earlier, BP also is arranging a U.S. Commercial paper program
in connection with the tender and part of the revolver will be
used to support that program.
    The exact size of the U.S. Program has not been decided and
the dealers have not yet been chosen.
    The credit facility will also allow the borrower to issue
cash advances with maturities of one, three or six months
through a tender panel, which will be comprised of banks
committed to the facility.
    Despite the unprecedented size of this euromarket facility,
Morgan Guaranty said that it was being syndicated only among
BP's relationship banks.
    As a result, banks were being offered lead manager status
at 200 mln dlrs, co-lead management at 125 mln and manager at
75 mln.
    Although pricing on many credit facilities has become
extremely fine in recent years because of the keen competition
to win mandates, Morgan Guaranty said banks would be
compensated fairly since this is a special purpose facility
which must be completed quickly, with signing expected in about
10 days.
 REUTER


****** German Feb current account surplus 6.6 billion marks (Jan surplus 4.8 billion) - official
Blah blah blah.



Montreal Trustco Inc is issuing a 100 mln
Canadian dlr, 8-1/2 pct bond due May 6, 1992 at 101 pct, lead
manager Societe Generale said.
    The non-callable issue is of unsecured, unsubordinated
debt. Denominations are of 1,000 and 10,000 Canadian dlrs and
listing is in Luxembourg. Payment date is May 5.
    Fees are 1-1/4 pct for selling, 3/8 pct for underwriting
and 1/4 pct for management including a 1/8 pct praecipuum.
 REUTER

Taiwan has over one trillion Taiwan dlrs
in savings, official statistics show.
    Figures released yesterday show all forms of savings by
individuals and public and private firms, including bank
deposits, certificates of deposits and bond's, are running at
about 37 pct of gross national product (GNP).
    GNP rose by 14.35 pct in 1986 to 2.74 trillion dlrs.
    Taiwan's strict foreign exchange controls and lack of
incentives to invest abroad mean its huge export earnings are
mainly deposited in bank savings accounts, earning below four
pct interest each year.
 REUTER

World group turnover of Siemens AG
&lt;SIEG.F> should rise to 51 or 52 billion marks in the current
year to September 31 after a 19 pct upturn in the first five
months, management board chairman Karlheinz Kaske said.
    Siemens reported world group turnover in 1985/86 of 47.02
billion marks.
    Kaske told the annual shareholders meeting turnover rose to
21.2 billion marks in the first five months of 1986/87, about
19 pct above the same year-ago period. The rise was mainly due
to payment in January for a West German nuclear power station
which led to a jump in domestic sales of 36 pct.
    In the first five 1986/87 months, turnover abroad showed a
three pct increase, Kaske said, without giving figures.
    In the same period incoming orders rose five pct to 21.8
billion marks against the same 1985/86 period.
    For the year as a whole incoming orders should rise between
one and two billion marks to around 51 or 52 billion.
    Apart from payments for the nuclear power station, the
communications and telecommunications sectors in particular
should contribute to growth this year, Kaske said.
    But it was not possible to make a profit forecast for
1986/87 because of uncertainty about the direction of the
dollar, Kaske said.
    Siemens already reported that first quarter 1986/87 group
net profit fell marginally to 296 mln marks from 298 mln in the
same period in the previous year.
    Turnover in the first five months rose particularly
strongly in the installations and automotive technology,
communications and telecommunications sectors, but components
and energy and automation showed a sharp decline.
    Kaske said domestic orders rose to 10.2 billion marks in
the first five months of this year, or nine pct above their
level in the same 1985/86 period, boosted in particular by
orders for the fully owned Kraftwerk Union AG subsidiary.
    Foreign orders grew one pct to 11.6 billion marks. An
increase in orders through newly acquired subsidiaries abroad
was balanced by the decline in the dollar.
    While the installations and automotive technology sector
showed a sharp rise in orders, energy and automation and
communications orders were below the level achieved in the same
period of 1985/86.
    Telecommunications orders remained at roughly the same
level.
    Kaske said investments were expected to remain around six
billion marks in 1986/87 after a 50 pct increase the previous
year. Research and development were likely to rise 13 pct to
6.1 billion marks or around 12 pct of turnover.
 REUTER


******UK FEB TRADE DEFICIT 224 MLN STG VS DEFICIT 527 MLN IN JAN - OFFICIAL.
Blah blah blah.



A British voter opinion poll in
tomorrow's Today newspaper shows a surge in support for the
centrist Alliance grouping and a fall for both the ruling
Conservatives and the Labour opposition party.
    The Marplan poll gives the Conservatives 36 pct, the
Liberal/Social Democratic Alliance 31 pct, and Labour 31 pct as
well. A Marplan survey last month gave the Tories 38 pct, the
Alliance 21 pct, and Labour 37 pct.
    The latest poll would, if translated into an election
result, produce a hung parliament, analysts said. That should
dampen speculation of an early June election, they added.
 Reuter

Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 17
 Reuter

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said agriculture should share spending cuts under the
Gramm-Rudman law and that this would ultimately help exports.
    "There needs to be some reduction of some expenditures to at
least get close to the Gramm-Rudman figure," he said.
"Agriculture would not be independent from that."
    He told a Virginia Farm Bureau lunch, "I don't think anyone
believes we'll meet the 108 billion dlr target."
    Lyng said if the federal deficit came down, this would help
exports. "A failure to get the fiscal deficit under control is
having a harmful effect on agricultural exports."
    He added, however, that U.S. agricultural exports had
increased under the Farm Security Act but so far had not
recovered to what he called the successful levels of 1981.
 Reuter

Computervision Corp said it
introduced additions to its CADDS 4X software line, a new
CADDStation workstation and upgrade kits for existing
CADDStation workstations.
    The company said the new software products include
Autoboard SMT, priced at 35,000 dlrs, which is a microchip
version of its printed circuit board software.
    The new CADDStation, based on Sun Microsystems Inc's &lt;SUNW>
workstation technology, is a 32-bit system, available initially
as a server, with a processing capacity of four mips, or
million instructions per second.
    The new CADDStation, Computervision said, is priced at
90,400 dlrs.
    The company said it is also offering kits to upgrade its
2-mips CADDstation priced at 35,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Merck and Co said a drug to
prevent heartworm disease in dogs, ivermectin, has been
approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
    The drug, made by Merck's animal health and agricultural
products division, will be sold under the name Heartgard-30
through licensed veterinarians.
 Reuter

Qtly div 45 cts vs 44 cts prior
    Pay May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Shr 27 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 6,416,000 vs 5,988,000
    Revs 112.2 mln vs 99.8 mln
    NOTE: 1985 includes extraordinary income of 647,000 dlrs or
three cts/shr. 1985 restated.
 Reuter

Epsilon Data Management Inc
said it had executed a new revolving credit and term loan
agreement with the Shawmut Bank N.A.
    It said the total credit available under the newly-signed
agreement is six mln dlrs.
    It said the new agreement will, at its option, convert to a
four-year term loan in September 1988.
 Reuter

Shr 29 cts vs nine cts
    Net 651,000 vs 214,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes loss of 500,000 dlrs for
extraordinary item.
 Reuter

Qtly div 41 cts vs 41 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 8
 Reuter

U.S. soybean lobbyists and
congressional aides criticized a proposal from a senior
Agriculture Department official that Congress allow the U.S.
soybean loan level to be officially lowered to 4.56 dlrs per
bushel next year.
    "I don't know who in Congress would propose that happening.
Politically it would be totally unacceptable," an aide to a
senior farm-state senator said.
    USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz said this week that
Congress should give USDA authority to keep the soybean loan 
at its current effective rate of 4.56 dlrs per bushel rather
than increasing it to its minimum allowed level of 4.77 dlrs.
    "I'm convinced that Congress will not go along with this,"
American Soybean Association President Dave Haggard said.
    Amstutz told reporters following a senate hearing that if
the soybean loan rate were 4.56 dlrs, USDA could then consider
ways to make U.S. soybeans more competitive.
    His comments were seen as possibly indicating what the  the
administration's position is in the debate over what should be
done to make soybeans competitive and at the same time protect
soybean farmers' income.
    Using soybean specific certificates to further buydown the
loan rate or implementation of a marketing loan have been
pointed to as the most effective ways to get soybean prices
competitive. USDA secretary Richard Lyng, however, continues to
maintain his opposition to a marketing loan, saying such a move
would be too costly.
    "There will be alot of other options that will be
considered before Congress looks at that one (the Amstutz
proposal," said Bill O'Conner, aide to Rep. Edward Madigan
(R-Ill), ranking minority leader of the Agriculture Committee.
    "Anybody representing large groups of soybean producers
would not be very excited about supporting a lower soybean
loan," O'Conner said.
    Congress may very likely look at the soybean loan and
decide that they cannot increase it from its current 5.02 dlr
basic rate, but that there has to be something mandated to
increase soybean's competitiveness, David Graves, aide to Sen.
Thad Cochran (R-Miss) said. Cochran, a staunch supporter of a
soybean marketing loan, would support a soybean loan of 5.02 or
4.77 dlrs with a certificate buydown, Graves said.
 Reuter

U.S. oil demand as measured by
products supplied rose 0.1 pct in the four weeks ended March 20
to 16.16 mln barrels per day from 16.15 mln in the same period
a year ago, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Energy
Department agency said distillate demand was off 0.1 pct in the
period to 3.258 mln bpd from 3.260 mln a year earlier.
    Gasoline demand averaged 6.72 mln bpd, off 1.2 pct from
6.80 mln last year, while residual fuel demand was 1.38 mln
bpd, off 2.1 pct from 1.41 mln, the EIA said.
    Domestic crude oil production was estimated at 8.35 mln
bpd, down 7.8 pct from 9.06 mln a year ago, and gross daily
crude imports (excluding those for the SPR) averaged 3.44 mln
bpd, up 16.3 pct from 2.95 mln, the EIA said.
    Refinery crude runs in the four weeks were 11.90 mln bpd,
up 1.4 pct from 11.74 mln a year earlier, it said.
    In the first 78 days of the year, refinery runs were up 1.8
pct to an average 12.25 mln bpd from 12.04 mln in the year-ago
period, the EIA said.
    Year-to-date demand for all petroleum products averaged
16.32 mln bpd, up 1.8 pct from 16.04 mln in 1986, it said.
    So far this year, distillate demand rose 0.1 pct to 3.31
mln bpd from 3.30 mln in 1986, gasoline demand was 6.60 mln
bpd, up 0.1 pct from 6.59 mln, and residual fuel demand fell
0.4 pct to 1.42 mln bpd from 1.43 mln, the EIA said.
    Year-to-date domestic crude output was estimated at 8.41
mln bpd, off 7.7 pct from 9.11 mln a year ago, while gross
crude imports averaged 3.96 mln bpd, up 28.1 pct from 3.09 mln,
it said.
 Reuter

Lomac Inc, a publicly traded
company, will pay the U.S. and Michigan governments to help
clean up a toxic waste site in the first major settlement under
the 1986 Superfund-Two act, Michigan officials said.
    Lomac will pay 17 mln dlrs to help clean the site, they
said.
    Stewart Freeman, Michigan's chief environmental attorney,
told Reuters that Lomac, a new company, agreed to buy a
chemical site near Muskegon, Mich., formerly operated by Bafors
Nobel Inc, a bankrupt subsidiary of A.B. Nobel of Sweden.
    The settlement was also the largest in history in a
bankruptcy case involving environmental issues, Freeman said.
    Other companies with Superfund disputes are watching the
case closely, he said. "There are a number of very large
corporations talking to the attorney general," Freeman said,
referring to Michigan Atty. Gen. Frank J. Kelley.
    Freeman would not identify the companies involved, saying
he was not sure whether confidentiality agreements had been
made.
    Lomac will pay 25-26 mln dlrs in the settlement. Five mln
dlrs will be paid to the federal and 12 mln dlrs will go to the
Michigan government for cleanup at the site, the Lakeway
Chemical plant.
    The remaining funds will go to medical surveillance of
former workers at the plant.
    Under the agreement, a trust fund will be set up "to
monitor the health of employees who may have been exposed to
dangerous chemicals that were manufactured at the plant before
1971," the Michigan attorney general's office said in a
statement.
    Freeman said the medical fund was necessary because of
possible medical problems among workers at the site.
    The Muskegon facility was formerly used to manufacture
dyes. Freeman said Bofors Nobel spent 50 mln dlrs cleaning up
the site, formerly owned by Lakeway Chemical Co, before "the
economic decision was made in Sweden" to place the operation in
bankruptcy.
    Under the agreement, Bofors Nobel will sell the site, which
still holds an operating chemical plant, to Lomac. Some 150
employees work at the plant, a spokesman for the Michigan
attorney general said.
    The state attorney general said cleanup at the site will
begin "immediately," and will be supervised by federal and
state officials.
    Freeman said the plant site is not presently listed on the
federal superfund list, which qualifies the toxic waste site
for federal cleanup funds.
    He said federal officials will try to get the Muskegon
facility onto the superfund list. If they are unable to do so,
the 5.0 mln dlr federal portion of the settlement will be
turned over to Michigan officials to be used in the cleanup,
Freeman said.
 Reuter

Five regional oil producing nations
will gather in Caracas tommorrow for a two-day meeting expected
to center on ways to combat proposals for a U.S. tax on
imported petroleum, the Venezuela's ministry of energy and
mines said.
    Oil ministers from Mexico, Trinidad and Tobago, Ecuador and
Venezuela will be on hand for the fifth meeting of the informal
group of Latin American and Caribbean Petroleum Exporters,
formed in 1983, it said. Colombia will also attend for the
first time, as an observer nation, the ministry said.
    Energy and Mines Minister Arturo Hernandez Grisanti said
the conference has no set agenda but one entire session Friday
will be devoted to proposals for a tax on imported oil.
    Two of the group's members, Venezuela and Mexico, are
second and third largest foreign suppliers of oil to the United
States, respectively, following Canada.
    Venezuela, concerned about the effect such a tax would have
on its exports, undertook a diplomatic push to coordinate
strategy against such measures. In February, Canadian Energy
Minister Marcel Masse was invited to Caracas for talks with
Hernandez on proposals for an oil import tax.
 Reuter

The House Banking Committee adopted
legislation to direct the U.S. Treasury to begin negotiations
aimed at seeking regular adjustment of exchange rates by  
countries such as Taiwan and South Korea whose currencies are
pegged to the value of the U.S. dollar.
    The measure was adopted as part of a wide-ranging trade
bill that will be considered by the full House in April before
it moves onto the Senate.
    The bill's many provisions also set as a priority for the
U.S. the negotiation of stable exchange rates and urge
government intervention as necessary to offset fluctuations.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he opposed a stock transactions tax proposed by House Speaker
Jim Wright, D-Tex, or other special taxes.
    "The stock transfer tax would be a particularly unfortunate
approach to take," Baker said in an interview with Cable News
Network.
    The United States has some of the most efficient capital
markets in the world and new taxes would impair efficiency, he
said.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
banks must do more lending to developing countries.
    Baker, in an interview on Cable News Network, was asked
about such loans after Standard and Poor's Corp today
downgraded the debt of six major money centre bank holding
companies, largely because of their heavy loan exposure to
developing nations.
    Baker said developing countries must adopt free market
economic policies such as that of the United States. He said
capital flows will be required to support the needed reforms in
those countries' economic systems.
    The money must come either through equity or debt and Baker
said developing nations' "investment regimes do not support
enough equity investment, so you've got to have some debt
there."
 REUTER

Libyan forces appear to be
withdrawing from their last stronghold in Chad after suffering
defeats at the hands of French-backed government troops,
according to officials in both the U.S. And France.
    In Washington, a State Department spokesman told reporters
"we have no reason to doubt that Libyan forces are leaving Faya
Largeau," Libya's main garrison in Chad.
    The French Defence Ministry said it could not confirm the
departure of the Libyan troops, but an official said "it is
extremely likely. They are deprived of air cover and supplies,
and their morale must be zero."
 REUTER

The Australian Industry Development
Corp (AIDC) said it issued 20 mln Australian dlrs of five-year
notes in London.
    The notes, issued in denominations of 50,000 dlrs, were
part of a 10-year, one billion U.S. Dlr multicurrency facility
established last December, it said in a statement.
    Medium-term Euronotes had previously only been issued in
U.S. Dlrs, it said.
    The AIDC last week said it issued under the same facility
the first of several five mln Australian dlr-denominated
Euro-commercial paper tranches in Asia.
    Dealers for the one billion U.S. Dlr borrowing program were
the AIDC, &lt;Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd>, &lt;Merrill Lynch
International and Co>, &lt;Morgan Stanley International>, &lt;Salomon
Brothers International Ltd> and &lt;Swiss Bank Corp International
Ltd>, the AIDC said.
    &lt;Citibank N.A.> was the issuing and paying agent.
 REUTER


******BP says it will tender for remaining 45 pct of Standard Oil at 70 dlrs a share cash
Blah blah blah.



Britain has decided to resist U.S.
pressure and retain powers to withdraw tax credits from U.S.
parent companies based in states which impose unitary taxes on
the worldwide profits of foreign-owned firms, Treasury
Financial Secretary Norman Lamont told Parliament.
    But he added that the eventual use of those powers would
not be backdated if activated before the end of 1988.
    The U.K. Government has consistently opposed the use of
unitary taxation of international business on grounds they are
contrary to internationally accepted principles, laid down by
the United Nations and the OECD, Treasury sources said.
    In a written parliamentary answer, Lamont said "in the
meantime, progress towards a final resolution of the unitary
tax issues will be kept under careful review" by Britain.
    "Should it be necessary to take action ... Before December
31, 1988, it will not apply to dividends paid before the date
of the announcement of such action. If it is necessary to take
action thereafter, it will not apply to dividends on or before
December 31, 1988," Lamont said.
    The Reagan Administratian published draft legislation late
in 1985 to limit states use of unitary taxation to the profits
made inside the U.S., Known as the "water's edge" method.
    In response to that draft legislation, Britain agreed to
defer initiating action under its Finance Act 1985 - but only
on the understanding that legislation to resolve the unitary
tax issue would be made law and take effect from end-December
1986.
    Then the U.S. Administration said in September 1986 that it
had decided not to pursue Federal legislation, in view of the
passing of legislation in California.
    Britain, however, considers the California legislation
unsatisfactory, not least because U.K. Business will have to
pay a fee for the right of not being assessed by the unitary
tax method, government sources said.
 Reuter

Middle South Utilities Inc will not
consider payment of a common stock dividend until there is
another ruling on a Mississippi Supreme Court order rolling
back rates at the company's Mississippi Power and Light Co
subsidiary, chairman Edwin Lupberger said.
    He told security analysts Middle South was close to
recommending resumption of the common stock dividend when the
Mississippi court ordered the rate rollback. Following the
order, he noted, the unit cancelled a planned sale of preferred
stock. Middle South has petitioned the court for a rehearing or
a stay of the order while it is being appealed.

 Reuter

Monarch Capital corp said
its board has called its convertible preferred stock for
redemption on May Eight.
    The company said shareholders may exchange the preferred
shares for shares of new nonconvertible preferred stock with a
dividend of five dlrs to 6.40 dlrs per share, convert them into
common stock at a rate of 0.8 common share for each preferred
share or allow the preferred to be redeemed for 46.51 dlrs per
share.
 Reuter

Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp said
it sold its controlling interest in its French foam insulation
producing subsidiary to a Lafarege Corp &lt;LAF> subsidiary.
    Owens-Corning said it sold its interest in Sentuc Porxpan
SA for an undisclosed price.
 Reuter

Argentine grain producers again
reduced their estimates for the total yield of the 1986/87
soybean crop, which will begin to be harvested in mid-April,
trade sources said.
    They said growers now forecast soybean production this
season at between 7.5 and 7.8 mln tonnes, down from last week's
estimate of 7.7 to eight mln tonnes and the 8.0 to 8.4 mln
tonnes forecast in mid-February.
    The new forecast is still higher than last season's record
total production.
    Private sources put 1985/86 production at a record 7.2 to
7.3 mln tonnes -- 4.2 to 6.4 pct lower than the new forecast
for the current crop. The official figure for 1985/86 is 7.1
mln tonnes, 5.6 to 9.9 pct below this season's new estimates.
    Growers in the past week discovered more empty soybean pods
in the main producing areas of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe
provinces and northern Buenos Aires.
    The crop since January has been hit by high temperatures
and inadequate rainfall. Growers fear they may find more empty
pods and have to further reduce their forecasts of total yield.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 to
3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct higher than the 1985/86
record of 3.34 mln hectares.
    The state of the crop continued to be good in general until
last week but intense, heavy rains since could have caused
damage in areas where rainfall was higher than 100 mm.
    Where the rains were less heavy they were considered
beneficial although too late to improve yield estimates.
    The rains also benefitted maize and sorghum crops in
southern Buenos Aires province but are not expected to
influence production forecasts.
    In other areas, especially western Buenos Aires, where
rainfall was more than 200 mm, parts of the sunflower, maize
and sorghum crops not yet harvested may have been damaged.
    The coarse grain crop harvest was interrupted last week by
rains which also reached over 100 mm in parts of Cordoba, La
Pampa and Santa Fe and almost 90 mm in parts of Entre Rios.
    The area sown with maize this season was between 3.58 and
3.78 mln hectares, two to seven pct less than the 3.85 mln
hectares in 1985/86.
    The yield of 1986/87 maize continued to be forecast at
between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes.
    This estimate is 19.8 to 20.2 pct lower than the 12.4 to
12.6 mln tonnes at which private sources put 1985/86 production
and 21.1 to 22.7 pct lower than the official 12.8 mln tonnes.
    The sunflowerseed harvest has covered 23 to 26 pct of the
area sown and continues in parts of central Buenos Aires
although at a standstill elsewhere due to rain and floods.
    A resumption of full harvesting and assessment of damage is
impossible until rains stop and a spell of a week to 10 days of
sunshine dries the fields.
    The area sown this season was 2.0 to 2.2 mln hectares, down
29.9 to 36.3 pct on last year's record 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflowerseed 1986/87 production is still forecast at 2.3
to 2.6 mln tonnes, 34.1 to 41.5 pct below the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln tonnes.
    The grain sorghum harvest was the least affected by the
rains, advancing steadily in Santa Fe and Cordoba and starting
in La Pampa to cover 14 to 16 pct of the total area sown.
    The area sown was 1.23 to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3 to 15.2
pct less than the 1.45 mln hectares the previous season.
    Yield estimates remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes, 16.7 to
22 pct down on 1985/86 production of 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss three cts vs loss four cts
    Oper loss 40,870 vs loss 39,827
    Revs 584,855 vs 727,432
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss two cts vs loss two cts
    Oper loss 24,311 vs loss 26,947
    Revs 1,246,992 vs 1,497,251
    NOTE: Current periods exclude net gain of 150,865 dlrs from
termination of retirement plan for salaried employees. Also
excludes gain of 83,100 dlrs from in current qtr and gain
90,400 dlrs in six mths from benefit of tax loss carryforwards.
    Company went public in September 1986.
 Reuter

Cyclops Corp said the three
members of its board appointed last week by &lt;Dixons Group PLC>
had resigned and that it named three Cyclops executives to
replace them.
    Cyclops said the moves followed the announcement earlier
today by Dixons that it received only 20 pct of Cyclops
outstanding common stock under an extended tender offer that
expired yesterday.
    Dixons initially ended its 90.25 dlr a share tender offer
on March 17 after receiving 54 pct of Cyclops shares.
    However, the Securities and Exchange Commission last Friday
pressed Dixons to reopen the offer because the U.K.-based
company had dropped a condition that at least 80 pct of Cyclops
stock be tendered by the close of the offer.
    Dixons then extended the offer until yesterday and earlier
today indicated that a substantial number of tendered Cyclops
shares had been withdrawn, leaving it with only 852,000 shares,
or just over 20 pct of the roughly 4.26 mln Cyclops shares
outstanding.
    Dixons said today that it purchased the tendered shares,
which, when combined with the shares it already holds, gives it
a 21.7 pct stake in Cyclops.
    Cyclops said its reconstituted board includes the three
newly named directors and five outside directors, all of whom
were on the board prior to Dixons tender offer.
    The three Cyclops directors were replaced by Dixons
appointees on March 17 under an agreement reached between the
two companies.
 Reuter

The chairman of the U.S. Senate
committee with jurisdiction over trade said he was concerned
about a resolution on bilateral trade negotiations adopted by
the Canadian House of Commons last week.
    The resolution supports negotiation of a bilateral trading
agreement with the United States while protecting Canadian
political sovereignty, social programs, agricultural marketing
systems, the auto industry and Canada's cultural identity.
    Senate Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Bentsen said the
resolution may jeopardize the viability of the proposed free
trade agreement between the two countries, which are each
other's largest trading partners.
    "We need a truly free trade agreement, which means both
countries have to work toward a deal that is mutually
beneficial and comprehensive, a large agreement," the Texas
Democrat said in a statement.
    "I do not question Canada's right to protect its political
sovereignty or cultural identity. However, if these phrases
mean the government of Canada means to take important economic
issues off the table in these negotiations, I am deeply
concerned," he added.
    Bentsen said Canada restricts trade 15 different ways while
the United States uses only six trade restriction methods. He
said if Canada proposes an agreement where both countries get
rid of six methods of trade restriction, it would not be fair
and might not win Senate approval.
    "I am deeply concerned that when the President visits Prime
Minister (Brian) Mulroney next month, he will be presented with
this kind of argument, and I hope he makes it clear -- as I did
when I was in Canada -- that only a mutually beneficial
agreement will be successful," Bentsen said.
    Reagan and Mulroney are scheduled to meet April 5-6 in
Ottawa.
    Bentsen urged Mulroney to withdraw a proposal that would
ban imports of independently produced films into Canada by
non-Canadians, which the senator called a protectionist
measure.
 Reuter

Merck and Co Inc said its
veterinary drug Heartgard-30 for the prevention of heartworm
disease in dogs has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration.
    The company said the drug will be availiable only through
licensed veterinarians.
 Reuter

Shr 79 cts vs 5.05 dlrs
    Net 5,628,000 vs 35,936,000
    Revs 41.8 mln vs 39.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.32 dlrs vs 7.24 dlrs
    Net 16,524,000 vs 51,541,000
    Revs 160.2 mln vs 114.9 mln
    Note:  Current qtr figures include securities gain of 2.1
mln dlrs, or 29 cts per share, vs gain of 34.3 mln dlrs, or
4.81 dlrs per share.
    Current year figures include security gain of 4.6 mln dlrs,
or 64 cts per share, vs gain of 41.5 mln dlrs, or 5.83 dlrs per
share.
 Reuter

 expects 1987 earnings
to rise to 1.20-1.40 dlrs a share from 91 cts a share last
year, with revenues climbing to about 430 mln dlrs from last
year's 350 mln dlrs, president Alex Taylor said before the
annual meeting.
    SNC, Canada's second biggest engineering and construction
group, became the country's largest ammunition manufacturer
last year with its 90 mln dlr acquisition of Canadian Arsenals
Ltd from the Canadian government.
    The impact of that and several smaller deals will be felt
fully in 1987, Taylor said.
    Defense preoducts and other manufacturing operations will
account for more than half SNC's total 1987 revenues, helping
to counterbalance the more cyclical engineering and
construction acivities, Taylor said.
    Last year, SNC earned 8.7 mln dlrs, including a small
extraordinary gain.
    In 1987, a total manufacturing activities will generate
about 235 mln dlrs in revenues, and engineering and
construction about 200 mln dlrs, he said, adding that defense
products operations should be a major contributor to earnings.
 Reuter

International Minerals and
Chemical Corp said its board approved a 50-mln-dlr budget to be
spent over the next several years to build production
facilities for a newly developed product to be used to improve
the lean weight of hogs.
    The new product, porcine somatotropin (PST) is described as
a natural bio-synthetic protein that improves the lean weight
and rate of weight gain, as well as reduces the cost of feed
for market hogs, the company said.
    Specific details of the PST production project, including
sites for the proposed facilities and engineering plans, were
not disclosed.
    International Minerals said it set a completion target for
the spring of 1989, by which time necessary Food and Drug
Administration approvals are expected to be obtained.
 Reuter

ICN Pharmaceutical Inc said
it did not view Eastman Kodak Co's &lt;EK> decision to sell its
2.3 pct share of ICN's common stock as having any effect on the
status of its drug ribavirin or the previously reported ongoing
development of that drug in the antiviral field.
    ICN recently submitted data to the Food and Drug
Administration on studies using its antiviral drug ribavirin
for treating some AIDS-related disorders.
    In a statement, ICN also said the sale will not effect its
previously announced plans to seek an acquisition of a major
pharmaceutical company.
    ICN also said the planned sale will have no effect on its
long-term research partnership with Kodak and Kodak's continued
funding of the Nucleic Acid Research Institute.
    Two years ago Kodak agreed to invest 45 mln dlrs over six
years to form and operate a venture with ICN to explore new
biomedical compounds. It acquired a 2.3 pct stake in ICN as a
result of that agreement.
    ICN said Kodak today confirmed to ICN its continuing
confidence in the progress of the joint project.
    ICN also said although there were discussions today between
ICN and Kodak regarding a private sale of the shares to ICN, no
decision has been made on this matter.
 Reuter

France's right-wing government now
expects to raise about 40 billion francs this year from its
privatisation program, 10 billion more than it targetted, Prime
Minister Jacques Chirac said.
    The success of the program, launched late last year, meant
the government would be able to go beyond the 30 billion franc
figure it estimated in its 1987 budget, he said in a television
interview.
    About 75 pct of the additional revenue would be used to cut
state debt and 25 pct to provide additional funds for public
sector investment, he said.
    Chirac said Finance Minister Edouard Balladur proposed to
make two billion francs of supplementary funding available for
a five biillion franc accelerated motorway building program.
    The remaining three billion francs for this would come from
a motorway loan now in the domestic market.
    Balladur also proposed to make some extra cash available to
the French national railways, SNCF, for the construction of
high-speed rail track, and to boost research in the aerospace
industry, he added.
    An estimated 15,000 jobs would be generated by speeding up
motorway construction, Chirac said.
    Reaffirming his long term strategy of cutting the state
sector deficit and easing taxes, Chirac repeated government
pledges to cut the corporate tax rate to 42 pct from 45 pct in
the 1988 budget.
    Personal income tax would also be reduced but details had
still to be worked out, he added.
    The government aimed to make France the leading economic
power in Western Europe within five years, he told his
television interviewer.
 Reuter

The Reserve Bank of Australia this morning
cut the rediscount rate from 17.30 pct to 17.00 pct.
    The rediscount is the rate at which the bank buys back
treasury notes.
    Market sources said the cut reflected the recent easing in
market interest rates. They also pointed to yesterday's
treasury note tender where the 400 mln dlrs of 13-week notes
went at an average yield of 15.473 pct, down from 15.870 last
week. The 100 mln dlrs of 26-week notes went at an average
15.414 from 15.790 last week.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker
declined to comment on whether President Reagan would reappoint
Paul Volcker to a third term as chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board.
    "I spent four years and two weeks in the White House job 
refusing to comment on personnel matters," he said in an
interview with the Cable News Network. "I'm not going to change
now."
    But Baker did say Volcker has "done a tremendous job" and
added they get on "extremely well", both when he was White House
chief of staff and during his term at Treasury.
    When asked whether he differed with Volcker on
international economic policy, Baker said "there's really no
difference of opinion between us with respect to these matters."
    In other comments, Baker said he did not think a tax rise
was a good idea and nor did President Reagan. But he believed
Congress would enact some spending cuts. "The minute you say
raise taxes, all restraints on spending go by the board."
    He once again pointed out that taxes were 19 pct of gnp but
spending was at 24 pct, a statistic he used to argue strongly
for spending cuts.
 reuter

The House of Representatives
Appropriations Committee yesterday approved 300 mln dlrs in
economic aid for four Central American states, 50 mln dlrs to
black-led states neighbouring South Africa and 50 mln dlrs in
military assistance for the Philippines.
    The programmes, part of 1.3 billion dlr supplemental budget
request by the Reagan administration to restore funds cut
earlier by Congress, must be approved by Congress.
    The committee rejected the administration's request for
21.6 mln dlrs as the U.S. Contribution to U.N. Peace-keeping
troops in Lebanon.
    The 300 mln dlrs will go to El Salvador, Honduras,
Guatemala and Costa Rica while another 12 mln dlrs was
allocated to replace the earthquake-damaged U.S. Embassy in San
Salvador.
    The 50 mln dlrs approved for a "Southern Africa" initiative
is part of a larger programme promised by the Reagan
administration last year when it tried unsuccessfully to block
sanctions approved by Congress against South Africa's
white-minority government.
 REUTER


******Hoechst AG 1986 world group pretax profit 3.21 billion marks vs 3.16 billion
Blah blah blah.




******BANK OF FRANCE LAUNCHES MONEY MARKET INTERVENTION TENDER - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



The Bank of France said it set a money
market intervention tender today to inject funds to the market
against first category paper.
    Money market sources said the surprise announcement might
herald a quarter percentage point cut in the central bank
intervention rate from the 7-3/4 pct level set March 10, but
they added such a cut was relatively unlikely.
    The intervention rate was cut from eight pct on March 10
after being raised from 7-1/4 pct on January 2 to head off
speculative pressure against the franc.
    Dealers said market fundamentals could justify a further
easing, but a combination of technical factors and renewed
currency uncertainties surrounding the dollar had put
short-term upside pressure on interest rates in recent
sessions.
    Call money rose yesterday to 7-7/8 eight pct from 7-3/4 7/8
pct. Today it was first indicated at 8-1/8 1/4 before easing on
news of the tender to 7-13/16 7/8 pct.
    Technical factors making for a slight shortage of liquidity
in the market included the settlement yesterday of the latest
monthly treasury tap stock tender, on March 5, market sources
said.
 REUTER

China will have a budget deficit of
8.017 billion yuan in calendar 1987 compared with a 7.08
billion deficit in 1986, Finance Minister Wang Bingqian said.
    He told the National People's Congress, the State Council
has decided to cut nearly all 1987 budgetary expenditures by 10
pct from the 1986 level. He said expenditures for the past two
years have been inflated.
    Investment by localities in capital construction in 1987
must fall by 50 pct from the 1986 level and state firms must
cut their losses by 30 pct, he said.
    China will use 14.6 billion yuan in foreign loans in 1987,
up from 7.87 billion in 1986, Wang said.
    It must cut back on investment in capital construction,
especially construction outside the state plan, he said. Funds
must go into energy, transport, telecommunications, raw and
semi-finished materials and not into non-production sectors.
    "In view of the country's financial difficulties this year,
it has been decided that seven billion yuan of the budgetary
allocation for capital construction will be raised by the
People's Bank through loans and the issuing of bonds," he said.
    Wang said all localities and departments must strictly
confine their 1987 capital investment to the amount set out in
the state budget, a 50 pct reduction from 1986 levels.
    He said that because of financial difficulties, the state
cannot increase spending on culture, education, science and
public health in 1987 at the same rate as over the past few
years. Expenditure in those sectors will rise by two pct.
    The only allocations not to be affected by the general 10
pct cutback are subsidies for price rises, repayment of
principal and interest on domestic and foreign loans, funds for
the disabled and spending for other social relief.
    Wang said state firms must cut their total losses by 30 pct
from the 1986 level, overhead expenses by 10 pct and raw
material consumption by two pct. Commercial firms must cut
their deficits by 20 pct and running costs by two pct.
    He said violations of financial and economic discipline are
common, including tax evasion, false accounting, embezzlement,
theft, extravagance and accepting and offering bribes. Such
practices "have reached very serious proportions in some areas,
departments and units" and must be dealt with seriously, he
said.
    Wang said 11.4 billion yuan worth of foreign loans have
been arranged according to the 1986-90 plan, with 3.2 billion
going to pay for foreign equipment in the Baoshan steel plant
near Shanghai.
    He said China is running no risk in using more foreign
loans, provided it prepares careful feasibility studies,
borrows only what it can repay and uses the loans only to
develop production in priority sectors.
    Wang said China plans to levy new taxes on the use of
arable land for non-farm purposes starting this year. Half the
revenue generated will go to the state and half to localities
to be used in the development of agriculture.
    The only new spending is 11 billion yuan to be used to
cover tax reductions and increased subsidies for big and
medium-size state firms and textile and other light industries.
The money will also pay for increases in the state purchasing
prices of some grain, cotton and oil-yielding crops, he said.
 REUTER

 said it
intended to make a tender offer for the 45 pct of Standard Oil
Co &lt;SRD.N> it does not already own at 70 dlrs a share cash, for
a total of 7.4 billion if the offer is fully accepted.
    The offer would be made through its &lt;BP North America Inc>
unit and was intended to commence not later than April 1. The
offer would not be conditional on any minimum number of shares
being tendered.
    BP said in a statement the 70 dlr a share price was based
on its own valuation as well as those of its financial
advisers. It took into account reviews of both public and
non-public information.
    Standard closed in New York last night at 64-7/8 dlrs, down
1-3/4 dlrs.
    BP shares dropped on the announcement to 877p from 888p at
last night's close.
    About a third of the cash payable would be met from BP's
own resources.
    The remainder would come from new borrowings, partly from
banks under a four-year committed revolving credit facility and
partly from a a new U.S. Dlr commercial paper programme. The
company said it was in the course of arranging these
facilities.
    BP Chairman Sir Peter Walters said that the group's
investment in Standard was its largest single asset. Full
ownership would enable investment and operating decisions to be
made without the limitations of a minority interest.
    BP also believed the acquisition represented the optimum
use of its financial resources. It was confident oil prices
were likely to remain within a range sufficient to justify the
investment.
    Walters added that it also felt that, due to management
changes in 1986, Standard could now operate successfully even
in a lower oil price environment.
    Standard's net assets at end-1986 were 7.02 billion dlrs
and in the year it reported a loss of 1.08 billion dlrs before
tax and before an extraordinary item of 608 mln dlrs.
    Analysts said that the move by BP had come as a surprise.
One noted that it was not immediately clear why the group
should spend so much money buying a company it already
controlled.
    BP could also have bought up the remainder of Standard
shares considerably cheaper had it moved six months ago.
    It was also unclear what effect the tender would have on
the U.K. Government's recent announcement that it intended to
dispose of its remaining 31.7 pct stake in BP sometime in the
1987/88 financial year, analysts said.
    Analyst Paul Spedding of brokers Kleinwort Grieveson noted
that any effect on the government sale of its stake in BP would
depend on the reaction of the markets.
    The deal would probably push BP's gearing up to around 59
pct from 20 pct currently, he said.
    However, with the likelihood that oil prices would not
repeat last year's rapid drop the prospects for Standard
returning to profitability this year -- and BP benefitting from
its cash flow -- were good.
    Standard was a high cost oil producer, the analysts noted.
    Spedding noted that it needed about 12 dlrs a barrel to
make money, and at about 15 dlrs a barrel revenue from
production and its downstream activities would push it
comfortably into surplus.
    BP initially took a stake in Standard following the
discovery of oil in Alaska's Prudhoe bay in 1969. BP had
inadequate distribution facilities in the U.S. While Standard,
which was strong on marketing and refining, was short on crude
oil.
    The analysts said that BP had promoted a major management
reorganisation of Standard in the past year.
    The probability that much of the shake-up at Standard was
now complete was one possible factor behind the timing of the
tender offer, Spedding said.
    BP's willingness to take hard decisions such as major
balance sheet write offs and the sale of assets had been well
received in the markets.
    The lower costs that should now be possible -- especially
after the rationalisation of the loss making minerals division
-- should allow the benefits of an oil price recovery to come
straight through to 1987 profits without being cut back by
other sectors.
 REUTER

An unnamed Norwegian firm agreed to
buy 100,000 tonnes of alumina a year from a refinery in eastern
Orissa state due to start operations in the next 12 months, a
Commerce Ministry official told Reuters.
    He said the state-owned National Aluminium Co, which owns
the plant, and the state-owned Mineral and Metals Trading Corp
signed its first long-term export agreement with the company,
but gave no further details.
    Of the plant's 800,000 tonnes annual capacity, 425,000 will
be smelted into 218,000 tonnes of aluminium and the remaining
375,000 will be exported, the official said.
 REUTER

Parent company 1986 net profit 202.55 mln francs vs 171.31
mln
    Dividend 13.02 francs vs same, including 4.34 francs tax
credit.
    (Note -  company earlier reported consolidated net profit
315.9 mln francs vs 302.08 mln and consolidated attributable
profit of 293.3 mln vs 266.6 mln.)
 REUTER

 anticipates a good
fourth quarter and a new peak in sales and earnings for the
fiscal year ending April 30, president Peter Widdrington told
financial analysts.
    He would not make any specific forecast, but said he was
optimistic for further growth in fiscal 1988 in the company's
brewing and food products operations.
    Labatt's earnings rose to 92.8 mln dlrs in the nine months
ended January 31 from year-earlier 78 mln dlrs. Revenue for the
nine months rose to 3.20 billion dlrs from 2.70 billion dlrs.
    Widdrington said Labatt's three-year business plan, now
being updated, targets total sales of about six billion dlrs,
including 2.50 billion dlrs in the U.S.
    Labatt, Canada's leading brewer, has expanded in the U.S.
food products industry by acquisitions.
    Widdrington said Labatt's strategy for U.S. expansion
stemmed partly from its strong market position in the Canadian
food and beverage industry. The U.S. share of revenues for this
year will be about 35 pct, rising to 40 pct in fiscal 1988, he
said.
 Reuter

Shell Oil Co of Houston has been
awarded a 104.3 mln dlr contract for jet fuel, the Defense
Logistics Agency said.
 REUTER

Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts prior qtr
    Pay April 17
    Record April 9.

 Reuter

International Minerals and
Chemical Corp said its board approved a 50 mln dlrs budget over
the next several years to build production facilities for a
newly developed product to be used to improve the lean weight
of hogs.
    The new product, porcine somatotropin (PST) is described as
a natural bio-synthetic protein that improves the lean weight
and rate of weight gain, as well as reduces the cost of feed
for market hogs, the company said.
    Specific details of the PST production project, including
sites for proposed facilities and engineering plans, were not
disclosed. International Minerals said it set a completion
target for the spring of 1989, by which time necessary Food and
Drug Administration approvals are expected to be obtained.
 Reuter

TransCanada PipeLines Ltd said it will
redeem all 1.6 mln outstanding cumulative redeemable
retractable first preferred shares, series F on May 1, 1987 at
a price of 52 dlrs a share, or a total of 83.2 mln dlrs.
    The regular quarterly dividend of 1.795 dlrs a share
payable May 1, 1987 to shareholders of record March 31, will be
mailed separately from the notice of redemption, the company
said.
 Reuter

Anchor Savings Bank said its
subscription offering was fully subscribed, precluding an
underwritten public offering of Anchor stock.
    The company, which will be traded on Nasdaq under the
symbol &lt;ABKR>, said final tabulation has not been completed.
    The offering was made in connection with Anchor's
conversion from a federally chartered mutual savings bank to a
federally chartered stock savings bank, it said.
    The bank offered 15.3 mln shares of common stock at 8.50
dlrs to 11.50 dlrs a share, with the possible issuance of up to
an additional 2,295,000 shares, it said.
    The company said trading in the bank stock will not
commence until all regulatory requirements have been completed.
    Anchor said it had total assets of 7.3 billion dlrs as of
June 30, 1986.
    It said shares were offered to bank depositors, borrowers
and through a direct mail campaign.
 Reuter

Campbell Resources Inc said it raised
its voting stake in &lt;Meston Lake Resources Inc> to about 64 pct
from 52 pct through acquisition of another 870,000 Meston Lake
shares in its previously reported takeover bid.
    Campbell, in its bid that expired March 23, offered 80 cts
cash and 1.25 "legended" Campbell shares for each Meston share.
The legended shares are not tradeable for one year.
    It said the 3.4 mln Meston shares not tendered in the offer
were held by about 550 stockholders, including Quebec's La
Societe de developpement de la Baie James, with 1.3 mln shares.
 Reuter

A senior representative of the
financially-troubled U.S. farm credit system is expected for
the first time tomorrow to ask Congress to provide assurances
that stock held by system borrowers will be guaranteed.
    Farm credit sources said Brent Beesley, president of the
Farm Credit Corporation which represents the system, will make
the request at a Senate Agriculture subcommittee hearing.
    They said Beesley would ask Congress to take some action to
assure borrowers the stock is secure. But Beesley is expected
to stop short of requesting other forms of government aid.
    Borrowers from the farm credit system hold some four
billion dlrs in system stock which could be devalued if the
mounting losses of the system persist, officials said.
    Beesley's request expected tomorrow is seen as the first
official acknowledgment from the system itself that federal aid
will be needed to guarantee the value of the stock.
    Yesterday, Jim Billington, a member of the Farm Credit
Administration board which regulates the system, said Congress
should plan to spend at least 800 mln dlrs beginning late this
year to bail-out the system.
    Congress is moving swiftly toward legislation to aid the
system. Sen. James McClure, R-Idaho, has drafted a resolution
which would put the Senate on record as guaranteeing the value
of farm credit system stock. The resolution may be brought to
the Senate floor soon, Congressional sources said.
    In addition to requesting a guarantee of borrower stock,
Beesley is expected tomorrow to endorse the creation of a
secondary market, called "Aggie-mae" by some proponents, for
the resale of farm real estate loans.
    Sources said the farm credit system will support the idea
if the system is included in the operation of the market.
    Farm credit sources said the system decided to request a
guarantee of borrower stock at a meeting this week in Denver of
the 12 presidents of farm credit system districts.
    Beesley's testimony to the Congressional hearing tomorrow
will not include any new financial forecast of system losses,
officials said.
    Chairman of the FCA, Frank Naylor, yesterday said the
system may lose as much as 1.4 billion dlrs this year.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Services Inc said it
downgraded 200 mln dlrs of long-term debt of Zenith Electronics
Corp.
    Cut were Zenith's senior debt to Ba-2 from Baa-3,
convertible subordinated debt to B-1 from Ba-2 and commercial
paper to Not-Prime from Prime-3.
    Moody's cited the company's overall losses.
    The agency also said it believes that future profits in the
consumer electronics business will be limited because of
intense competition from international market participants.
    Moody's pointed out that Zenith's total debt increased
sharply over the past year and is being serviced by weak cash
flow.
    A spokesman for Zenith criticized the action.
    "The company believes the downgrade is unwarranted.
Operating results for 1986 improved over 1985 and Zenith was
profitable in the second half of 1986," he said.
 Reuter

The United States remained isolated among
the Inter-American Development Bank's 44 members as the Bank
ended its annual meeting here today without agreement on U.S.
proposals to reform the regional lending institution.
    The three-day meeting was dominated by the dispute and by
the failure of Brazil and its creditor banks to make any
breakthrough on debt talks after Brasilia suspended interest
payments last month.
    Brazil's Central Bank governor Francisco Gros said after
talks with its 14-bank advisory committee here yesterday that
it could not make a token interest payment now, as sought by
banks, but would maintain contact with the banks.
    Delegates agreed to shelve discussion of IADB reforms until
the half-yearly International Monetary Fund and World Bank
meetings in two weeks time in Washington at which a decision
will be urgently sought in order to maintain credit flows to
the recession-hit region.
    "The Bank cannot maintain an adequate lending level unless
it is given increased resources," IADB president Antonio Ortiz
Mena told a press conference.
    Ortiz Mena said 42 countries opposed Washington's proposal
to lower veto power over loans to 35 pct of the Bank's voting
shares from a simple majority as at present.
    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said Monday the United
States, as 34.5 pct shareholder and provider of the bulk of the
Bank's resources, should have more say in approving loans and
conditioned a nine billion dlr increase in its contribution on
approving the reforms.
    But Ortiz Mena said Latin America and the non-regional
members including Europe and Japan had all supported a 40 pct
veto level. Canada declined to state a position.
    Behind the dispute was a U.S. attempt to radically change
the direction of the Bank, which has lent 35 billion dlrs to
Latin America in its 28 years, and give it a bigger role in the
current debt strategy with increased lending but more stringent
conditions attached.
    But Ortiz said the Bank cannot divert too much of its
resources to so-called sectoral lending, whereby loans to
specific sectors are tied to economic reforms, because this
could affect the Bank's Triple A rating as a borrower in world
markets.
    "For this reason we have agreed to limit sectoral loans to
25 pct of the total, leaving the rest for investment in
projects," he said.
    Ortiz Mena earlier told the Bank's closing session that as
a result of negotiations here, the Bank can expect a new
injection of about 25 billion dlrs for the period 1987-90.
    The United States has said it will only be able to support
a level close to the sixth replenishment of funds, which came
to 15.7 billion dlrs, unless its proposals are accepted.
    But despite the impasse, some Latin American delegates
including Mexican Finance Minister Gustavo Petricioli said they
were optimistic a compromise agreement could be reached next
month.
 Reuter

The possibility that a major earthquake
will strike Tokyo, causing corporate and financial ruin, haunts
the worst nightmares of many insurers and bankers polled by
Reuters.
    The Japanese capital is shaken by hundreds of small tremors
every year, but last week's biq quake in western Japan, which
measured 6.9 on the open-ended Richter scale, was a timely
reminder that the big one could come at any time.
    Another on Tuesday registering a preliminary 6.5 on the
scale struck the Sea of Japan coast northwest of Tokyo.
    A widely accepted theory by the late seismologist Kawasumi
Hiroshi states that major quakes occur in cycles averaging 69
years. Tokyo was last laid flat in 1923 by a tremor reading
7.8, raising the spectre of another within five years.
    Seismic experts at Shizuoka, one of three areas near Tokyo
considered quake-prone, say they expect a major earthquake
within the next few years.
    Added to such fears is the fact that no developed nation
has suffered a major quake since the far-reaching changes in
the last two decades which have bound the global economy into a
complex, fragile, interdependent financial network.
    "We are reaching a dangerous time. Insurance companies are
starting to worry about how to cover the large losses," said
Hatsuho Narita, a manager at the British Insurance Group.
    "It's a theme that has worried a lot of people. It's
difficult to put a figure on it, but the impact on all world
markets would be considerable," Brian Waterhouse, a banking
expert at brokerage James Capel in Tokyo, told Reuters.
    What would happen?
    Consider that Tokyo and its six surrounding prefectures
account for up to 40 pct of Japanese gross national product, or
some six pct of world GNP.
    Some economists believe that in the immediate aftermath of
a Tokyo quake, the yen would rise against sterling because of
the large amount of reinsurance which would fall due in London.
But it would plunge against other currencies.
    This would worsen the dramatic loss of value in land and
assets in the Tokyo area. Banks would be left holding hundreds
of billions of dollars in worthless mortgages and loans.
    Bankers estimate that 50 to 70 pct of city and regional
banks' loan exposure is to smaller business, which would most
likely lose all in a quake. Up to nine pct of their exposure is
in housing and consumer loans, they said.
    Many smaller banks and some larger ones would go to the
wall, bankers polled by Reuters said.
    The government, aware that insurance claims would be huge,
has set a payout ceiling of 10 mln yen per private house. In
Tokyo, 100 mln yen buys only a very modest residence.
    In addition, the insurance industry has formed the Japan
Earthquake Reinsurance Co to cover housing to a total of 10
billion dlrs, 80 pct of it government-guaranteed.
    However, insurers said the industrial sector, which has no
government backing, is a more dangerous risk.
    Japanese insurers said they are finding it increasingly
difficult to find reinsurance abroad.
    "Overseas firms are now very alert to earthquake insurance
risks," said Tahashi Kumakiri, Foreign Department head at the
Japan Non-life Insurance Association.
    Due to limited world insurance capacity, the Finance
Ministry recommends a coverage limit of 15 to 30 pct of
Japanese firms' total insurable value.
    Even so, one insurer believes that local firms reinsure up
to 80 pct of their quake cover overseas, most of it through
Lloyds of London.
    Some of this reinsurance is then reinsured again,
compounding the risks should the money suddenly be called in.
    Foreign entities in Japan are allowed 100 pct quake cover
but foreign insurers now set a limit of 60 pct.
    Industrial cover is confidential but official figures show
that in fiscal 1985/86 ended March 31, Japan did about half a
billion dlrs of overseas reinsurance business in fire cover,
most of which is quake-related.
    Bankers said the destruction of underlying assets and
repatriation of huge amounts of Japanese overseas investment
would seriously affect overseas stock and bond markets.
    Japanese institutions buy a net 10 billion dlrs or so of
foreign bonds a month, much of it U.S. Treasuries, and are
purchasing more and more U.S. And European stocks. The value of
foreign holdings of Japanese securities would nosedive.
    Japan would need huge amounts of money over a long period
to rebuild, which would block out developing nation creditors
from existing capital resources, the bankers said.
    Loss of central computers would mean billions in lost
transactions, bankers noted.
    Oil traders said crude prices would plummet as imports fell
by up to half from some three mln barrels per day now.
 REUTER

The Federal Statistics Office will
today publish trade and current account figures for February, a
spokeswoman said in reply to queries.
    In January the current account surplus provisionally
narrowed to 4.9 billion marks from 8.5 billion in December. The
provisional January trade surplus narrowed to 7.2 billion marks
from a record 11.6 billion marks the month before.
    In February 1986 the current account had shown a 6.85
billion mark surplus and the trade account a 6.84 billion
surplus.
 REUTER

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
affirmed Mack Trucks Inc's 40 mln dlrs of BB-plus senior debt.
    The agency cited expectations that Mack's profitability
will improve over the marginal levels of last year. S and P
noted that extensive cost-cutting programs are under way at
Mack, including the relocation of truck assembly operations to
a new plant in South Carolina from Allentown, Pa.
    S and P said that with an improved cost structure, Mack can
compete more vigorously for market share without reverting to a
loss position. In addition, cash flow from operations should
benefit from planned working capital reductions.
 Reuter

One of a pair of private investors
in Frost and Sullivan Inc told the Securities and Exchange
Commission he increased his stake in the firm by about two pct,
to 15.4 pct.
    He is Theodore Cross, Princeton, N.J., editor of Business
and Society Review.
    The other investor is Mason Slaine, Cos Cob, Mass,
president of Dealers' Digest Inc.  He holds a 3.3 pct stake.
    Cross told the SEC he bought the new shares at between 7.75
and 8.0 dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr not given
    Net loss 406.6 mln vs profit 35.4 mln
    Revs 138.1 mln vs 211.9 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes 545.7 mln dlr asset writedown
before 139.2 mln dlr recovery of deferred taxes.
    48 pct-owned by Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>.
 Reuter

Asta Group Inc said its 50 pct
owned Liberty Service Corp affiliate has purchased about 50 mln
dlrs face value of credit card installment receivables from a
major financial institution it did not name for a significant
discount from face value.
    It said the portfolio consists mostly of charged off loans.
    The company also said it expects to realize a profit of
about 300,000 dlrs on its 25 pct interest in the Briarcliff
Manor condominium project in New York, with about 140,000 dlrs
of the profit being reflected in the year ending September 30.
 Reuter

Newmont Gold Corp expects gold sales
in 1987 to rise about 22 pct to 577,000 ounces from 1986's
474,000 ounces, the company said in its annual report.
    Newmont Gold, 95 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp, said it
expects significant increases in gold sales in 1988 and 1989 as
well.
 Reuter

Utah Power and Light Co said it filed
an application with the Idaho Public Utilities Commission to
refinance preferred stock that was issued when interest rates
were higher.
    Subject to approval, the utility plans to sell nearly 95
mln dlrs of first mortgage bonds in the second quarter to
redeem all of its outstanding Series F, H and I preferred.
    It will buy back the Series F at 26.61 dlrs per share,
Series H at 27.03 dlrs and Series I at 27.32 dlrs, plus accrued
dividends. Similar applications will be filed with the Utah and
Wyoming public utility commissions, Utah Power said.
 Reuter

A Belgian finance ministry spokesman
said new rules planned on insider trading would enable
offenders to be fined and imprisoned for up to a year, and be
compelled to forfeit gains.
    The new rules require parliamentary approval, and
government sources said it was unclear when they would come
into force. Insider trading is currently not an offence in this
country.
    The cabinet approved a separate bill that analysts said
includes provisions to make more difficult the build-up of
major new stakes in Belgian companies.
    The bill would make obligatory the declaration of major
stakes in companies quoted on the bourse with own resources of
more than 200 mln francs.
    The Minister for Economic Affairs would need to be informed
in advance of deals under which foreign interests planned to
buy a new stake of more than ten pct of the voting shares in a
large Belgian company, or to increase an existing stake to more
than 20 pct.
 REUTER

Shr 31 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 13.7 mln vs 25.2 mln
    Sales 610.9 mln vs 575.9 mln
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 44.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 57 cts vs 1.46 dlrs
    Net 25.5 mln vs 64.9 mln
    Sales 2.00 billion vs 1.92 billion
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 44.5 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes gain five cts
shr from sale of Just for Kids! and Giggletree mail order
catalogs and charges of 10 cts shr from writedowns of assets
related to the closing of linens and domestics stores and
leased departments and of leased shoe departments.
    Year net includes LIFO inventory charges six cts shr vs two
cts shr.
 Reuter

Husky Oil Ltd said the board
called a special meeting for April 22 for shareholders to vote
on its previously announced agreement for Hong Kong-based
Hutchison Whampoa Ltd and Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd to
acquire a 43 pct interest in the company.
    The acquisition requires two-thirds approval by Husky
shareholders other than &lt;Nova, An Alberta Corp>, which owns a
57 pct interest in Husky.
    If approved by shareholders, the amalgamation will take
effect April 30, Husky said.
    Following completion, Oil Term Holdings Ltd, a new company
controlled by Nova, will hold a 43 pct stake in Husky.
Hutchison and Hongkong will indirectly hold 43 pct, Victor T.K.
Li will own nine pct and &lt;Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce>
will have a five pct interest.
    Husky said a special committee of five outside directors
recommended the board approve the transaction after determining
that the deal was in the best interests of Husky and fair to
shareholders.
    Husky previously announced shareholders will have the
option to receive 11.80 Canadian dlrs cash for each common, or
6.726 dlrs cash and one common share of Oil Term Investment
Ltd, which will be controlled by Nova through Oil Term Holdings
and own an insterest in Husky.
    U.S. shareholders will be restricted to the right to
receive 11.80 Canadian dlrs cash per share, which will be paid
in U.S. funds, the company said.
 Reuter

Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay May 13
    Record April 14
    NOTE: Company said up to 20 pct of dividend payment may be
withheld in accordance with Puerto Rico tax law.
 Reuter

At least six persons, including three
soldiers, were reported wounded at the start of a general
strike in Ecuador called to press the government to suspend an
earthquake-related austerity programme.
    The information ministry said workers had partially
complied with the strike. Witnesses said bus transport ground
to a halt in Quito and schools were closed throughout the
country, but banks and shops remained open.
    Three soldiers on a military truck were burned by a
gasoline bomb, information minister Marco Lara told reuters.
    In the central city of Latacunga, three workers were
wounded in clashes with police, unionists and hospital
authorities said. The strike was called for one day but could
be extended.
 Reuter

Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Qtly 29-1/2 cts vs 29-1/2 cts prior
    Payable June 1 
    Record May 1.
 Reuter

Net 492,000 vs 677,000
    Year
    Net 2,650,000 vs 2,566,000
    NOTE: Company's full name is Indiana Federal Savings and
Loan Association. Per share information not available. Bank
went public on February 11, 1987.
 Reuter


******U.S. HOUSE PANEL ADOPTS BILL THAT COULD BAR JAPANESE PRIMARY DEALERS
Blah blah blah.



Minnesota Power and Light Co is
raising 55 mln dlrs through an offering of first and refunding
mortgage bonds due 1994 with a 7-3/4 pct coupon and par
pricing, said sole manager PaineWebber Inc.
    That is 68 basis points more than the yield of comparable
Treasury securities.
    Non-callable for five years, the issue is rated A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and A-plus by Standard and Poor's
Corp.
 Reuter

The House Energy and Commerce
Committee approved major trade legislation that will give
President Reagan authority to retaliate if negotiations to open
foreign markets to U.S. telecommunications products fail.
    The provision was part of a major trade bill the committee
approved on a vote of 26 to 15. It will be wrapped into a trade
bill being written in several House committees and due to be
considered in the full House in late April.
    The bill also requires foreign investors to file detailed
reports to the Commerce Department on their U.S. holdings in
real estate, securities or U.S. companies.
    In response to congressional concern over the Fujitsu
proposal to take control of Fairchild Semiconductor Corp., the
bill would give Reagan the power to bar foreign acquisitions of
U.S. firms if the sale threatened U.S. national security.
    The legislation would bar for one year imports of advanced
audio digital tape machines unless the recording capability is
disabled. The action was taken after the U.S. recording
industry said the new machines would lead to rampant recording
piracy and legislation was needed to protect their rights.
    The bill authorizes government spending of 100 mln dlrs a
year for five years to help pay for research by a consortia of
semiconductor manufacturers.
   
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he stood by the Paris agreement among leading industrial
nations to foster exchange rate stability around current
levels.
    "I would refer you to the Paris agreement which was a
recognition the currencies were within ranges broadly
consistent with economic fundamentals," Baker told The Cable
News Network in an interview.
    "We were quite satisfied with the agreement in Paris
otherwise we would not have been a party too it," he said.
    Baker also noted the nations agreed in the accord to
"co-operate to foster greater exchange rate stability around
those levels."
    He refused to comment directly on the current yen/dollar
rate but said flatly that foreign exchange markets recently
tended "to draw unwarranted inferences from what I say."
    Baker was quoted on British Television over the weekend as
saying he has no target for the U.S. currency, a statement that
triggered this week's renewed decline of the dollar.
    "I think the Paris agreement represents evidence that
international economic policy co-ordination is alive and well,"
Baker said.
    The Treasury Secretary stressed however it was very
important for the main surplus countries to grow as fast as
they could consistent with low inflation to resolve trade
imbalances.
    He added that Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker
has also "been very outspoken" in suggesting main trading
partners grow as fast as they can.
    Baker noted that the J-curve, the delayed beneficial effect
of a weakening of a currency on that country's trade balance,
takes 12 to 18 months to work its way through to the trade
deficit and it is now 18 months since the Plaza agreement to
lower the dollar's value.
    He also said improvements in the trade deficit should come
from other sources besides the exchange rate, and pointed out
the administration's package to improve U.S. Competitiveness
was now before Congress.
 REUTER

Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said a further yen rise would have adverse effects on the
Japanese economy.
    He told Japanese business leaders the Bank of Japan will
continue to take adequate measures, including market
intervention, to stabilize exchange rates if necessary, in
close cooperation with other major industrialized nations. He
said the current instability of exchange rates will not last.
    Six major nations - Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the
U.S. And West Germany - agreed in Paris last month to act
together to hold currencies stable.
    Sumita said the Bank of Japan will continue to pursue
adequate and flexible monetary policies while watching economic
and financial developments in and outside Japan.
    He said the decision to cut the discount rate on February
20 was a hard choice for the Bank because monetary conditions
had already been sufficiently eased.
    To prevent a resurgence of inflation, the Bank will take a
very cautious stance regarding developments stemming from easy
credit conditions, he said.
    He said the latest discount rate cut to 2.5 pct should
stabilize exchange rates and expand domestic demand.
    Commenting on the dollar's fall below 150 yen, Sumita
reiterated he cannot find any specific reason for the
currency's weakness.
    The market undertook speculative dollar selling by reacting
to overseas comments by monetary authorities and trade tension,
he said.
    Sumita repeated that the Japanese economy may gradually
recover in the latter half of the 1987/88 fiscal year ending
April 1, 1988, provided exchange rates stabilize.
 REUTER


will increase output of motorcycles, dune buggies and jet skis
to 380,000 units in the year starting April 1 from 303,000 a
year earlier, a company spokesman said.
    Exports in 1987/88 are forecast to jump to 335,000 from
271,000 a year earlier, while domestic sales will rise to
around 45,000 from 32,000, he told Reuters. Of these, exports
to the U.S. Will rise to 150,000 from 120,000 a year earlier.
    The company also plans to lift motorcycle production at its
wholly owned U.S. Subsidiary &lt;Kawasaki Motor Manufacturing
Corp> to 1985/86 levels of 75,000 from 67,000 in 1986/87.
 REUTER

Provisional world group
1986 third party turnover 15.9 billion marks vs 18.5 billion.
    Third party incoming orders 15.5 billion vs 16.9 billion.
    Orders on hand at end-1986 9.1 billion vs 10.3 billion.
    Workforce at end-1986 68,043 vs 67,402.
 REUTER

Banque Nationale de Paris Hong Kong
branch is planning a 100 mln H.K. Dlr certificate of deposit
issue with BT Asia Ltd as lead manager, banking sources said.
    They said this is the first capped FRCD issue in Hong Kong.
It is in two equal tranches. Tranche A, which matures January
9, 1993, is payable April 9 this year. Tranche B, which matures
September 15, 1992, is payable April 15.
    Interest on both tranches is 1/8 percentage point over
three months Hong Kong interbank offered rate, subject to a
14-3/8 pct ceiling. Management fee is 25 basis points. The CDs
will be issued at par in denominations of 100,000 dlrs each.
 REUTER

 said it had no
plans to issue Eurobonds linked to shares still held by banks
after the placement of the 15 pct Libyan stake in Fiat last
autumn, a company spokesman said.
   "An eventual issue of bonds convertible into Fiat shares is
not our responsibility," the spokesman told Reuters. "In case the
operation should be finalized, the bonds would be issued by
banks and not by Fiat, the spokesman said.
    The spokesman was commenting on West German press reports
that Fiat is considering a Eurobond issue of up to 384 mln
dlrs, convertible or with warrants attached for exercise into
its shares still held by the banks.
 REUTER


******CYCLOPS CORP REFORMS BOARD AFTER DIXONS GROUP FAILS TO GET MAJORITY OF CYCLOPS STOCK
Blah blah blah.



Beta Phase said it has
agreed to sell its shape-memory eyeglass frame manufacturing
technology and equipment to privately-held Universal Optical.
    The company said Universal Optical will also purchase the
existing Beta Phase inventory of raw materials, its work in
progress and its manufacturing equipment and tooling.
    Under the pact, Beta Phase will receive a 20 pct share of
CVI/Beta Ventures, a joint venture owned by Beta Group and
CooperVision Inc &lt;EYE>, which markets worldwide shape memory
eyeglass frames. The venture will then be owned 54 pct by Beta
Group, 26 pct by Coopervision and 20 pct by Beta Phase.
 Reuter

A group led by New York investor
Asher Edelman said Morse Shoe Inc agreed to provide it
confidential company information and that his group would make
an offer to buy Morse only in a friendly, negotiated deal.
    The group also said in a filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission that its members would not, without Morse
approval, buy or offer to buy any company securities giving the
group a 10 pct or more stake in the company.
    Edelman and his group said his terms held until the earlier
of 90 days from March 3 or the date on which Morse announces a
definite agreement for its sale.
    At the same time, the Edelman group said it cut its stake
in Morse to 8.4 pct from 9.7 pct.
 Reuter

The National Highway Transportation
Safety Administration said it granted a request by Ford Motor
Co to delay for four years until 1994 a requirement that air
bags or other passive restraint systems be installed on the
passenger side of the front seat of all new autombiles.
    Under the decision announced today by Transportation
Secretary Elizabeth Dole, automakers will be required to meet
federal passive restraint requirements only on the driver's
side. "The action we are taking today will result in the
installation of more air bags, sooner than would have occurred
without this rule," Dole said.
    Under the ruling announced today, 10 pct of model year 1987
cars must have automatic seat belts or air bags on the driver's
side. For the 1988 model year, 25 pct must have passive
restraints, and for 1989, 40 pct must be so equipped.
    By the 1990 model year, all new cars must be equipped with
passive restraint systems on the driver's side.
    For the passenger side of the front seat, ordinary seat
belts will suffice until 1994 under the new ruling. As
previously written, the federal standard required passive
restraint systems such as air bags on both the driver's and
passenger's side of the front seat in all new cars by 1990.
 Reuter

Canada may begin monitoring steel
flowing in and out of the country to determine if any steel is
being illegally "trans-shipped" to the U.S., senior government
trade officials said.
    The officials, asking not to be identified, said the
government will investigate an industry contention that steel 
imported from countries such as South Korea and Taiwan is being
diverted to the U.S. and ultimately exasperating concerns about
the level of Canadian exports south of the border.
    But the senior officials, asking not to be indentified,
said that despite intense pressure from the Reagan
Administration, Ottawa was not considering any kind of formal
limits on Canadian shipments to the U.S.
    "In a sense what I hope we are doing is buying some time,"
said one official who claimed Canadian companies were "fair
traders" in the big American market.
    If approved by the Canadian cabinet, the officials said a 
monitoring system will be established in the next three or four
months.
    "I guess if we find trans-shipment is a problem, we would
have to do something about it," said a trade official.
    Canadian steel shipments to the U.S. have risen to 5.7 pct
of the U.S. market in recent months, almost double the level
just two years ago.
    The increase in Canadian shipments comes at a time of
growing anger in the U.S. over rising steel imports from
several countries in the face of a decline among domestic steel
producers.
    Some U.S. lawmakers have proposed Canada's share of the
American market be limited to 2.4 per cent.
    The Ontario Government has urged Ottawa to require foreign
companies to obtain permits to import steel into the country.
Currently, import licences are required only for carbon or raw
steel, which makes up less than half the steel market.
    Canada exported two billion Canadian dlrs worth of steel in
1986, while importing 944-mln dlrs worth of the product in the
same year.
 Reuter

Federal Paper Board Co Inc said
its is offering 2,800,000 shares, or 140 mln dlrs, of its 2.875
cumulative convertible preferred stock at 50 dlrs per share.
    The company said it is applying to list the preferred stock
on the New York Stock Exchange.
    The First Boston Corp, Morgan Stanley and Co Inc and
PaineWebber Inc are underwriting the issues, the company said.
    The preferred stock has a liquidation preference of 50 dlrs
per share and is convertible at any time into common stock at
55 dlrs per share subject to adjustment.
    The preferred stock is redeemable starting at 52.875 dlrs
per share on March 15, 1987, and declining on each March 15 to
50 dlrs on and after March 15, 1997.
    The company said it intends to used the proceeds from the
sale to redeem its entire 125 mln dlrs of its outstanding 13
pct subordinated debentures due 2000, with the balance to be
added to the company's general funds.
 Reuter

The New York Stock Exchange said
Monarch Capital Corp Pfd will not resume trading today.
 Reuter


******DETROIT EDISON FILES SHELF REGISTRATION FOR ONE BILLION DLRS IN BONDS
Blah blah blah.



Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May 27
 Reuter

The National Association of Realtors
said sales of previously owned homes rose six pct during
February from January levels to a seasonally adjusted annual
rate of 3.69 mln units.
    The realtors' group said the sales rise was apparent across
the country and reflected lower mortgage interest rates as well
as more housing demand.
    Actual resales of homes during February totaled 241,000, up
11.6 pct from the January total of 216,000, the association
said.
 Reuter

El Paso Electric Co said it plans to
redeem its 40 mln dlrs of 16.35 pct first mortgage bonds of
1991 and 60 mln dlrs of 16.20 pct first mortgage bonds of 2012.
    It will buy back at par plus accrued interest the 16.35 pct
issue in May and the 16.20 pct bonds after August one.
    El Paso Electric will use proceeds of about 684.4 mln dlrs
from sales and leasebacks, completed in 1986, of its entire
ownership interest in Palo Verde nuclear generating station
Unit 2 to redeem the double-digit debt.
 Reuter


******KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN INDUSTRIES SAYS IT EAGER TO PURCHASE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD
Blah blah blah.




******FED APPROVES CHEMICAL BANK ACQUISITION OF TEXAS COMMERCE BANCSHARES
Blah blah blah.



Pennzoil Co said it had not yet
received any "meaningful settlement offer" from Texaco Inc but
added that the company remained willing to consider proposals
to settle the 10.2 billion dlr jury judgment it won against
Texaco.
    In its newly-released annual report to shareholders,
Pennzoil said it expected the Texas state court judgment, which
was upheld by a state appeals court on February 12, to be
upheld if appealed again.
    "To date, Pennzoil has yet to receive any meaningful
settlement offer from Texaco, though it remains open to any
realistic effort to settle the matter," Pennzoil chairman Hugh
Liedtke said in the annual report.
    Pennzoil also said it had budgeted 212 mln dlrs for capital
spending in 1987, a drop from the 233 mln dlrs spent last year.
    Proved U.S. and foreign reserves of natural gas declined to
964 billion cubic feet last year, from 1.01 trillion cubic feet
in 1985, because of a virtual halt in its exploration program,
Pennzoil said. Its crude oil reserves dropped to 140 mln
barrels from 158 mln barrels in 1985.
     The Houston-based company said it sold an average of 339
mln cubic feet of domestic natural gas each day last year, a 17
pct drop from 1985. The average sales price for gas dropped by
60 cents per mcf to 2.16 dlrs per mcf, Pennzoil said.
    U.S. crude oil and gas liquids production last year fell to
an average of 33,290 barrels per day from 34,102 barrels per
day in 1985.
    The company's total revenues in 1986 declined to 482.3 mln
dlrs, from 762.5 mln dlrs the previous year. Operating income
in 1986 fell more than 80 pct, to 38.0 mln dlrs.
    Pennzoil said its goals for 1987 included development of
its Point Arguello oilfield off the California coast, to
maintain current production levels in its Bluebell-Altamont
Field in Utah and to drill for prospects in the Gulf of
Mexico's Mobile Bay area.
    "Production should begin late in the year from the Harvest
Platform in the Santa Maria Basin offshore California," the
company said. "Pennzoil's share of this production initially
should be five thousand barrels a day, increasing to a peak of
15 thousand barrels a day, net, by 1989."
    In its sulphur business, Pennzoil said production totaled
2.1 mln long tons last year, a decline of 18 pct from 1985. The
average sales price also declined, to 138.25 dlrs per long ton
from 141.05 dlrs in 1985.
    "The long term outlook for our sulphur operations remains
bright," the company said. "We expect sulphur's pricing
structure to strengthen during the current year, probably in
the third and fourth quarters."
            
 Reuter

Brazilian Coffee Institute (IBC)
president Jorio Dauster said he will not attend the ICO
executive board meeting and was surprised to hear that a report
of his absence had a slightly depressing effect on the New York
coffee market today.
    "I have too much work to accomplish here in Brazil at the
moment. Besides the presence of the IBC president at an ICO
executive board meeting is not a tradition," Dauster said.
    Dauster said except in rare cases, Brazil has always sent
its London-based representative to ICO board meetings.
Ambassador Lindenberg Sette will attend the meeting, he said.
 Reuter

The composition of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, in question since the death of Nebraskan
Democratic Sen. Edward Zorinsky, remains in doubt.
    Zorinsky's death earlier this month cut the Democrats'
majority on the committee to 9-8.
    Zorinsky's replacement, Republican David Karnes, has said
he would like a seat on the panel, and Senate Republican Leader
Robert Dole (R-Kan.) is said to have thrown his support behind
Karnes, who would add a Midwestern vote to the panel.
    But Karnes' appointment to the committee would require at
least one Republican to step off the committee.
    Aides to Republican Sens. Mitch McConnell (Ky.) and Pete
Wilson (Calif.), whose spots on the panel were rumored to be in
jeopardy, said their bosses were categorically opposed to being
pushed off the committee.
    Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) told Reuters he
had rejected a suggestion that Democrats and Republicans each
add one member to the committee.
    Leahy said he would be "delighted" to have freshman Sen. John
Breaux (D-La.) join the committee. But Breaux's appointment was
being resisted by Midwestern Democrats, who feel southern
states are adequately represented on the committee.
    An aide to Sen. James Exon (D-Neb.) said the senator,
supported by Midwestern Democrats, had not ruled out the
possibility of moving to the committee.
    The inability of the two parties to settle the matter could
increase the possibility that the Democratic majority would be
left untouched at 9-8.
    The issue is expected to be resolved any day, Senate staff
said.
 Reuter

Domestic group net profit 105.79 mln marks vs 80.71 mln
    Turnover 2.93 billion marks vs 2.71 billion
    Incoming orders 2.92 billion marks vs 2.86 billion
    Order book at end December 2.28 billion vs 2.37 billion
    Tax payments 104.98 mln marks vs 88.67 mln
    Depreciation of fixed assets 107.25 mln marks vs 150.75 mln
    New investment in fixed assets 148.88 mln vs 148.22 mln
    Dividend already announced 12 marks vs 11
    DVFA earnings per share 32.22 marks vs 27.54 marks
    Shareholders annual meeting May 13, dividend date May 14
    World group turnover 3.88 billion marks vs 3.62 billion
    Incoming orders 3.91 billion marks vs 3.91 billion
    New investment in fixed assets 247 mln marks vs 252 mln
    No world group profit figures given
    Parent company net profits 95.04 mln marks vs 74.91 mln
    Turnover 2.28 billion marks vs 2.14 billion
 REUTER

Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said it is in Japan's national interest to make greater efforts
to reduce its trade surplus.
    He told business executives the most important issues for
the world economy are the correction of international trade
imbalances and a solution to the world debt problem.
    To this end, Japan and the U.S. Must make medium- and
long-term efforts to alter economic structures which have
expanded the trade gap between the two nations. World economic
growth and therefore an expansion of debtor countries' export
markets are needed to solve the debt issue, he added.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it has forecast
a flat position in the money market today.
    Among the main factors, maturing assistance and take-up of
treasury bills will drain 545 mln stg and a rise in note
circulation 35 mln stg but the outflow will be offset by 490
mln stg exchequer transactions and bankers balances above
target 70 mln.
 REUTER

Parliament passed laws increasing the
amounts and frequency of treasury bill issues and allowing the
government to raise up to 35 billion dlrs through issues of
registered stock, bearer bonds and book-entry securities.
    Both steps are aimed at establishing a wider domestic
capital market as part of Singapore's plans to expand its
financial sector, Finance Minister Richard Hu said.
    Banking sources said the new government securities market,
scheduled to have been launched on March 2, had been delayed
pending legislative approval of these bills.
    The 35 billion dlrs maximum which may be raised under the
Development Loan Bill (1987), against a ceiling of 15 billion
under current laws, is expected to satisfy demand for
government securities over the next four years, Hu said.
    He said 6.1 billion dlrs of the 15 billion has so far been
raised as development loans. The rest will be used up when
bonds are issued to absorb advance deposits of 13.9 billion
dlrs from the Central Provident Fund (CPF), a mandatory pension
savings scheme. Workers and employers contribute a respective
25 pct and 10 pct of a worker's salary to the CPF, which had
funds totalling 29.3 billion at end-1986.
    Regular government securities issues are needed to meet the
demand of banks, insurance companies, other financial
institutions and corporate and individual investors, Hu said.
    The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) had said it
planned to launch trading by issuing taxable instruments
grossing seven billion dlrs in the first year and a gross 38
billion dlrs of paper over the next five years.
    Funds raised in excess of the government's budgetary needs
will not be channelled into increased spending, but will be
recycled back to the financial system, largely through the MAS,
Hu said.
    Hu said the current government securities market is
rudimentary, with the CPF holding three-quarters of the
outstanding debt and banks, discount houses and insurance
companies holding the rest. "The concentration of securities in
the hands of such long-term holders has left little scope for
trading activity," he said.
    "Moreover, the maturity of the bonds, mostly 20 years, was
not attractive to other investors who might have been expected
to deal more actively in the market. The infrequency of bond
issues exacerbated the lack of liquidity necessary for the
development of a market," Hu said.
    Hu said these obstacles have been resolved and regular
issues of government securities will be made, initially
carrying terms of up to five years and market-related yields.
    The minimum denomination is 1,000 dlrs for notes and bonds
-- aimed at individual investors -- and 10,000 dlrs for the
treasury bills, which are directed at corporate investors.
    Eight primary and registered dealers have undertaken to
make markets in order to ensure liquidity, he said.
    Hu said while the new government securities market will be
essentially domestic, non-residents are free to invest, but
interest earned will be subject to withholding tax.
    Hu said under the new Treasury Bills (Amendment) Bill, all
book entries of borrowings through treasury bill issues must be
made in records maintained by MAS.
    Hu said that instead of physical certificates having to
travel back and forth at each transaction, with side trips to
the MAS for registration, the MAS will maintain a computerised
system for updating records in a central register.
    Commercial banks and primary and registered government
securities dealers will each have two securities accounts with
the MAS, one for their own holdings and the other for holdings
on behalf of all their customers, Hu said.
    All trades will be reflected daily in changes in these
accounts, Hu said.
    "These institutions will in turn act as custodians of
government securities for their customers, rendering each an
individual accounting of his holdings."
    Hu said the new system will cut storage and handling costs
and paper work, reduce the danger of loss, theft, destruction
and counterfeiting, and permit greater speed and efficiency in
handling large volumes of transactions.
 REUTER

Firms need not be pessimistic about export
prospects even though foreign markets have become more
difficult because of the mark's strength the Economics Ministry
said.
     The ministry's parliamentary state secretary Ludolf Georg
von Wartenberg, told a business conference German exports could
start rising again in real terms during 1987, reversing the
lower export trend which emerged in mid-1986.
    But even if the turnaround did not occur, there would be no
need to worry about the economy as long as the weakness of
exports did not affect currently good domestic demand.
    Von Wartenberg said consumer demand remained quite good but
noted there had been a cooling in the investment climate. "This
is certainly a reason for heightened watchfulness but not for
stimulative steps," he said.
    The best way for Bonn to help its exporters is to work
actively to promote free world trade, he added.
    Von Wartenberg said the economy still had good export
opportunities. Price alone was not the only factor in
international competitiveness, he said, adding German firms
have a reputation for high quality standards, prompt delivery
times and good service.
    Von Wartenberg said the government was in a difficult
position on its trade figures.  It faced international pressure
to reduce its trade surplus, but West Germans were worried
about the effect of the mark's strength on the country's
exporters.
    Reports about the trade surplus, especially overseas,
tended to concentrate on nominal trade figures, which rose to a
record 112.2 billion marks in 1986, he said. But this rise was
due entirely to the lower value of imports caused by the
decline of both the dollar and oil prices. German exports have
in fact been falling in real terms for sometime, he said.
 REUTER

Caisse d'Aide a l'Equipement des
Collectivites Locales (CAECL) is issuing a three billion franc
two-tranche domestic bond, the lead managers said.
    The first two billion franc tranche at a fixed rate of 8.90
pct is led by Credit Lyonnais, Banque Indosuez and Union de
Garantie et de Placement, with Credit Lyonnais as book-runner.
    The non-callable, 13 year and 80 days bond is issued at
100.419 pct. Payment date is May 28 with the first coupon
payment in 1988.
    The second one billion franc, variable-rate tranche is led
by Banque Indosuez, Credit Lyonnais and UGP, with Indosuez as
book-runner.
    The 12 year 94 day bond is issued at 98.672 pct. Interest
is based on average state bond yields (TME), with a margin of
less 0.24 pct on the basis of TME at 8.45 pct. Payment date
will be May 28 with the first coupon payment in 1988.
 REUTER

Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co
analyst James Wilbur removed Hercules Inc from the firm's
recommended list, citing the firm's moves into the aerospace
business, traders said.
    Hercules fell 2-1/4 to 59-1/4 on 595,000 shares. Wilbur was
not immediately available for comment.
    Sources said Wilbur believes Hercules will be successful in
its diversification, but he told clients the stock market is
more receptive now to chemical companies than aerospace
companies.
 Reuter


******S/P UPGRADES CONSUMERS POWER'S SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED DEBT
Blah blah blah.



Vista Managemement Inc said it
has obtained notice of the availability of insurance guarantees
on 60 mln dlrs of leasing receivable bonds of its CBS Leasing
subsidiary from Developers Insurance Co, allowing the bonds to
be rated by leading credit rating agencies.
    The company said the guarantees are subject to the
placement of over one mln dlrs of reinsurance and to a pending
change of control of Developers Insurance.
 Reuter

Collins Foods International Inc
said that on April 30 it will redeem all of its outstanding 12
pct subordinated debentures due December 15, 2008.
    There are currently 30 mln dlrs principal amount of the
debentures outstanding, the company said.
 Reuter

Oper shr one ct vs two cts
    Oper net 30,000 vs 62,000
    Revs 2,315,000 vs 2,355,000
    Year
    Oper shr four cts vs nine cts
    Oper net 95,000 vs 204,000
    Revs 9,214,000 vs 9,950,000
    Avg shrs 2,492,000 vs 2,351,000
    NOTE: Full name is Arden International Kitchens Inc
 More

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
that some of the trade bills proposed by Congress conflict
significantly with certain basic principles the Reagan
administration considers critical.
    Baker told a Senate committee that the administration would
resist such measures as a general import surcharge,
sector-specific protection such as import quotas for individual
products, mandatory retaliation, and limits on presidential
discretion in negotiating more open markets abroad and other
trade steps.
 Reuter

Shr loss 10 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 558,800 vs loss 469,200
    Sales 5.5 mln vs two mln
    Nine mths ended Dec 31
    Shr profit two cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 91,045 vs loss 207,000
    Sales 17.3 mln vs 8.4 mln
    Avg shrs 5,465,433 vs 5,037,819
    Year ended March 31
    Shr loss 28 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 1,356,321 vs profit 818,723
    Sales 10.9 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,862,499 vs 4,683,591
    Note: Medar changed end of fiscal year to December 31 to be
more in phase with business cycle of its major customers.
 Reuter

Shr five cts vs five cts prior qtr
    Pay April 17
    Record April 3.
 Reuter

Brazil wants to increase its
steel exports to the United States, now limited because of
tough import restraints set in 1984 by the Reagan
administration, a spokeswoman for the Brazilian Steel Institute
(IBS) said.
    Brazilian and U.S. Trade officials held the first of a
three-day meeting today in Brasilia to discuss the issue.
    In 1984, after three months of painstaking negotiations,
the U.S. Government reached accords with seven steel-exporting
nations - Australia, Brazil, Japan, Mexico, Spain, South Africa
and South Korea - to reduce their shipments to the United
States by about 30 pct in 1985.
    The 1984 restraints established that for 1987 Brazil's
steel exports to the U.S. Could not exceed 632,000 tonnes,
increasing to 640,000 tonnes in 1988 and 670,000 tonnes in
1989, the last of the five-year deadline set by the agreements.
    Brazilian officials are trying to increase Brazil's export
share of non-flat products to the U.S. Market.
    The spokeswoman said there were reports of domestic supply
problems in the United States.
 Reuter


******S/P DOWNGRADES DANA CORP'S 900 MLN DLRS OF DEBT
Blah blah blah.



Standard and Poor's Corp said it may
upgrade Wainoco Oil Corp's 25 mln dlrs of C-rated subordinated
debentures due 1998.
    S and P cited the company's proposed offering of two mln
units of common stock and warrants, which would raise 25 mln to
30 mln dlrs that would be used to retire bank debt.
    The offering would also result in a significant
strengthening of the company's capital structure, S and P
pointed out. However, the agency said it would also consider
depressed industry conditions and Wainoco's ability to operate
in that environment. Its implied senior debt rating is CCC.
 Reuter

Kansas Power and Light Co said it
will name a successor on or before May 5 to its outgoing
chairman and chief executive officer William Wall.
    Wall, who will assume the position of chairman and chief
executive officer at Asbestos Claims Facility, will fill the
positions which have been vacant for several months, the
company said.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded Dana Corp's 900 mln dlrs of debt securities.
    Cut were Dana's senior debentures, industrial revenue bonds
and medium-term notes to A-minus from A, and commercial paper
of Dana and its unit Dana Credit Corp to A-2 from A-1.
    S and P said Dana's management plans an aggressive stock
repuchase which would result in a significantly more leveraged
capital structure. The combination of higher debt levels and
ongoing stock repurchases, about 12 mln shares in the past two
years financed mainly with debt, bring debt leverage to 48 pct
as of December 31, 1986 from 30 pct the year earlier.
 Reuter

Oper shr loss 31 cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net loss 887,886 vs profit 646,250
    Revs 9,724,418 vs 10.8 mln
    Note: Year-ago oper net excludes tax credit of 230,000
dlrs.
 Reuter


said it terminated its service agreement with chairman and
chief executive Walter Steel on March 24, and appointed Donald
Michelin as acting chief executive.
    "The performance of the company since Mr. Steel's
appointment in June, 1985 has not fulfilled either Mr. Steel's
plans or the objectives of Alexis Nihon Investments Inc, the
principal creditor and largest shareholder, and a change in
senior management was viewed as essential to redirecting the
business of the company," SDC Sydney said.
    Michelin is an Alexis Nihon officer and director.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S BAKER SAYS HE STANDS BY PARIS PACT TO FOSTER STABLE CURRENCIES
Blah blah blah.



China and Portugal today initialled a
joint declaration under which the 400-year-old colony of Macao
will be handed over to Peking on December 20, 1999, the
official New China News Agency reported.
    Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco Silve said in
Lisbon yesterday that China had promised that Macao's existing
political, economic and social system will be maintained until
the year 2050.
    Macao, located across the Pearl River estuary from Hong
Kong, has a population of about 400,000 people.
 REUTER

 said
studies by its &lt;Ansell International> latex-product unit have
shown a commonly-used spermicidal cream kills the AIDS virus.
    Ansell regional director Chris Humphrey told a news
conference the cream, already used in a condom brand as
additional contraceptive protection, killed on contact the
virus causing AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome).
    The discovery meant sexually active people could have a
second level of protection against AIDS if a condom ruptured
during sex, Humphrey said. "This is the best available
protection against AIDS next to abstinence," he said.
    But David Pennington, the head of Australia's government
sponsored AIDS taskforce, said the use of the cream provided a
slight safeguard but was no great breakthrough.
    Pennington said that in the event of a condom rupturing
semen was likely to travel beyond the cream's range.
    Humphrey said the studies, commissioned by Ansell from
Nelson Gantz of the University of Massachusetts and Fred Judson
of the University of Colorado, showed nonoxynol-nine destroyed
the AIDS virus present in 100 pct of rupture tests.
    But he said it was not known whether nonoxynol-nine was as
effective in sexual situations.
    He stressed it was neither a cure nor a vaccine for AIDS.
    Humphrey said nonoxynol-nine had been used for about 20
years as a spermicidal cream without side-effects.
    Analysts have attributed much of the rise in Pacific
Dunlop's share price from 3.87 dlrs at the beginning of the
year to a high of 5.36 dlrs to expected growth in its condom
business. It closed today eight cents down at 4.67 dlrs.
 REUTER

Revisions to the by-laws of the
Stock Exchange of Singapore to be introduced on April 1 will
have little impact on the market, brokers and analysts said.
    One analyst did say, however, that the removal of fixed
commissions on transactions in government securities and Asian
currency bonds would increase trading volume, because most
deals before were transacted directly between clients.
    One change will allow stockbroking firms to advertise, but
brokers said this would not have much effect because most
corporate clients already know the market well.
    Many remisiers (brokers' agents) and dealers criticised the
exchange for not taking the opportunity to abolish or cut
transfer fees on remisiers moving to other firms.
    One remisier said the transfer fees inhibit an efficient
broking system because they restrict brokers' movements.
    But most remisiers welcomed the amendment to replace cash
deposits with bank guarantees for business transactions. Where
an extra deposit is needed, it can in future be either in cash
or in securities approved by the exchange.
    Other remisiers felt the new rule that they must report all
transactions involving 50,000 dlrs or more to the exchange was
unnecessary.
    Another revision says broking firms are not allowed to
improve a buying and selling quote by more than one bid during
the last five minutes of trading.
 REUTER

Peruvian President Alan Garcia said
his government was not trying to convince other nations to
follow its decision to limit foreign debt repayments.
    "We do not want to export a model," Garcia told a press
conference at the end of an official two-day visit to Mexico
yesterday. He was referring to Peru's policy of limiting
payments on its 14 billion dlr debt to 10 pct of its export
earnings.
    Peru's attitude contrasts with that of Mexico, which
followed a more conciliatory route and last week signed a 7.7
billion dlr loan package with its creditor banks.
    Since it decided to put a ceiling on debt payments, Peru
has been barred from International Monetary Fund lending.
    Despite their different approaches to debt, Garcia and
Mexican President Miguel de la Madrid issued a joint
declaration yesterday calling the foreign debt problem an
"expression of the present unjust international economic order."
But the declaration said that no Latin American debtors' club
was about to appear.
    "We affirm the sovereignty of our economic decisions and the
capacity for mobilising our own resources," it said.
    The two presidents also signed a variety of agreements
aimed at boosting trade and tourism between their countries as
well a number of technical cooperation pacts.
    Garcia was scheduled to return to Lima tomorrow.
 REUTER

Japan's plan to cut beef intervention
prices for the fiscal year starting April 1 will not boost
demand because of strict supply controls and a complex
distribution system, Japanese and U.S. Industry sources said.
    "Government beef policy protects farmers rather than meeting
consumers' demands and the cutback ... Is too marginal," a
Housewives Association of Japan official said.
    Despite mounting U.S. Pressure on Japan to open farm
markets, beef is strictly controlled by the government, which
maintains a price stabilisation zone to protect farmers.
    Under the plan, expected to be announced this month, the
standard or bottom price of castrated wagyu -- known as marbled
beef -- will be set at 1,370 yen per kilo for 1987/88 against
1,400 now, and the ceiling at 1,780 yen against 1,820.
    The standard price of other beef, mainly produced from
dairy steers, is set at 1,020 yen against 1,090 and the ceiling
at 1,325 against 1,420.
    Ministry officials said the semi-government Livestock
Industry Promotion Corp (LIPC) conducts buffer stock operations
to help keep wholesale beef prices within the intervention
price zone.
    The LIPC is allowed to import most beef, with the amount
set by the government under a quota system. When wholesale
prices go above the ceiling, the LIPC releases its beef stocks,
both domestic and imported, and buys locally produced beef when
prices are below.
    But the LIPC has often been criticised for releasing beef
stocks when the prices are higher than the ceiling.
    Phillip Seng, Asian Director of the U.S. Meat Export
Federation, told Reuters the two pct cut in prices is a step
toward closing the gap with European Community prices, about
half those in Japan.
    But Seng said the cut will not benefit consumers or U.S.
Meat exporters because of Japan's rigid and complicated
distribution system and strict supply control by the LIPC.
    The Housewives Association official said retail beef prices
are high mainly because of distribution problems and high
production costs, as well as poor operations by the LIPC.
    American meat packers see Japan as a promising market. F.C.
Beatty, of U.S. Packer John Morrell and Co, told the Japan
Times beef cuts, which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlrs a pound in
the U.S., Are sold at 15 to 30 dlrs in Japan.
    But Seng said the cut will not benefit consumers or U.S.
Meat exporters because of Japan's rigid and complicated
distribution system and strict supply control by the LIPC.
    The Housewives Association official said retail beef prices
are high mainly because of distribution problems and high
production costs, as well as poor operations by the LIPC.
    American meat packers see Japan as a promising market. F.C.
Beatty, of U.S. Packer John Morrell and Co, told the Japan
Times beef cuts, which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlrs a pound in
the U.S., Are sold at 15 to 30 dlrs in Japan.
    But industry sources said it is unclear how much demand
will pick up if retail beef prices drop following any sharp
reduction in intervention prices.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said this week he
will ask Japan to remove all beef import restrictions when he
visits here next month.
    In 1984, Japan decided to increase its beef import quota by
9,000 tonnes a year until March 31, 1988.
    In 1987/88, the quota will rise to 177,000 tonnes from
168,000 in 1986/87, ministry officials said, adding Japan wants
to keep self-sufficiency in beef at around 70 pct.
 REUTER

Oper shr 15 cts vs 1.07 dlrs
    Oper net 372,000 vs 2,601,000
    Year
    Oper shr 80 cts vs 61 cts
    Oper net 1,952,000 vs 1,491,000
    NOTE: Net excludes realized investment loss 13,000 dlrs vs
gain 986,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 1,047,000 dlrs vs
1,152,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year net excludes tax credit 919,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Scandinavian Airlines Systems, SAS,
said it will improve cabin service for business class
passengers on intra-Scandinavian routes starting next week.
    The company also said it will simplify timetables on routes
in Scandinavia, with many flights departing hourly.
    SAS said it will upgrade meals and between meal
refreshments and relegate the sale of tax-free candy and
cosmetics to airport shops to give cabin attendants more time
to devote to the enhanced service.
 Reuter

The New Jersey Casino Control
Commission said it will put off for one week a decision on
whether to approve a 2.4 billion dollar recapitalization plan
previously announced by Holiday Corp &lt;HIA>.
    Holiday Corp is the licensee of Harrah's Marina Hotel and
Casino in Atlantic City, N.J.
    A spokeswoman for the commission said the commissioners
felt they needed more time to review testimony taken at an
all-day meeting Monday.
    A decision had been expected at the group's regular weekly
meeting today but the vote is now due April one.
    The New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement last week
completed a review of the Holiday recapitalization plan and
listed 10 areas of concern.
    The enforcement unit, which did not draw conclusions or
make recommendations, said the Commission had to decide if the
adoption of a leveraged financial structure will leave Holiday
in a financially stable condition which is required by the New
Jersey Casino control Act.
 Reuter

Worthern Banking Corp said it
entered into a formal written agreement with the Federal
Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
    The corporation said it will submit written plans and
reports on a regular basis to the Reserve Bank on several
matters, including current and future dividend policy for the
corporation and its affiliates.
    It also will inform the Reserve Bank about retaining an
independent management corporation to appoint a chairman of its
board, and it will first get approval from the Reserve Bank
before it takes on any more debt.
    In addition, Worthern said it will report on its
maintenance of adequate capital at the corporation and its 
affiliate banks, its strategic business plan for the remainder
of 1987 and 1988, and its improvement in the corporation's and
certain non-banking affiliates' position with respect to
certain assets previously subject to adverse classification.
    In addition, Worthern will provide the Federal Reserve Ban
with quarterly progress reports specifying the actions taken to
secure compliance with the agreement together with quarterly
balance sheets and income statements.
    Separately, Worthern said its results of oeperations for
the year ended Dec 31, 1986, previously announced Jan 29, 1987,
would be revised to reflect additional loan and lease loss
reserves and loan charge-offs, resulting in additional losses
for that period.
 Reuter

Oscar Mayer and Co Inc, a unit of
Philip Morris Cos Inc, said it will redeem all of its
outstanding 7.85 pct debentures due January 15, 1996 on April
30, 1987, at 1,014.50 dlrs plus accrued interest for each 1,000
dlrs prinicpal amount.
    A notice of redemption will be mailed to noteholders March
27, it said.
 Reuter

U.S. Shoe Corp said it plans
to open 421 stores and close 33 units in 1987, bringing the
total number of its outlets to 2,655.
    Earlier the large retailer reported that its earnings
dropped 61 pct to 25.5 mln dlrs for the year ended January 31.
In the year earlier period it earned 64.9 mln dlrs. Sales rose
four pct to 2.0 billion dlrs from 1.9 billion dlrs.
    U.S. Shoe cited severe merchandising problems in its key
retail divisions and competition in its footwear divisions as
some of the reasons for the earnings decline last year.
    U.S. Shoe also said it expects results for the first
quarter to end May 31 will show an improvement over the 3.2 mln
dlrs it earned in the year-ago quarter.
    It said that initial orders for spring were down
"moderately," but reorder activity was "excellent" within its
women's footwear divisions.
    The company said it "will continue to search for ways to
make its footwear assets more productive and operations more
efficient." It said it expects capital outlays in fiscal 1987
to exceed 165 mln dlrs, a 12 pct increase over 1986 levels.
    It said capital outlays to improve domestic productivity
this year are planned to increase 50 pct over 1986 levels.
    The company also said it plans to increase its presence in
Brazil and to start production in Hong Kong, which along with
other overseas offices, will strenghten its overall import
capability.
 Reuter

Ended Feb 28
    Shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Net profit 53,040 vs loss 255,568
    Revs 2,252,246 vs 755,605
    Six mths
    Shr profit three cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 217,884 vs loss 517,538
    Revs 4,895,720 vs 1,569,662
 Reuter

The Securities Industry Association
backed a variety of restraints on insider trading and hostile
corporate takeovers and asked Congress to define insider
trading in law.
    The industry trade association called on U.S. securities
firms to take steps to protect sensitive corporate secrets to
guard against illegal trading by employees.
    The association also backed broad federal restrictions on a
variety of tactics used in hostile corporate takeovers.
    But it said investment banking firms should be allowed to
continue to engage in both arbitrage and merger and acquisition
activities so long as those functions were kept separate.
    The SIA, in a report adopted yesterday by its board of
directors, backed a higher enforcement budget for the federal
Securities and Exchange Commission and called on U.S. stock
exchanges to beef up their supervision of member brokerages.
    The report said securities firms "should be more rigorous in
restricting sensitive information on a need-to-know basis."
    It said firms should train their employees to understand
the need for confidentiality of market-sensitive information.
    It said legislation to define insider trading should avoid
expanding current law in a way that would impede the market.
    It said an insider trading definition should exempt a
securities firm from liability for law violations by its
employees unless the firm had participated in or was aware of
the wrongdoing.
    In the mergers and acquisitions area, the association
advocated a ban on greenmail payments or poison pill takeover
protection plans without prior shareholder approval.
    It said a group or individual buying up a company's stock
should be required to file a public disclosure statement before
acquiring more than five pct of the company's shares. Under
current law, disclosure may be made as late as ten days after
exceeding the five pct limit.
    The association said all purchases exceeding 20 pct of a
company's voting stock shouls be made only through a tender
offer open to all shareholders. Under current law there is no
limit on open market purchases.
    The group said the federal government should preempt state
regulation of defensive takeover tactics.
    The group said all tender offers should remain open for at
least 30 calendar days.
    The current requirement is expressed in business days.
    It said so-called "lockup" devices, in which securities are
issued to a friendly investor to seal a takeover deal or fend
off an unfriendly predator should be limited to 18.5 pct of the
target company's total common stock.
    Association president Edward O'Brien said the group acted
out of concern over the ad hoc restructuring of corporate
America on Wall Street and investor fears about insider trading
and fairness in the marketplace.
 Reuter

Bolivia's proposal to repurchase at a
deep discount the 900 mln dlrs it owes to foreign commercial
banks is likely to be accepted, bolivian central bank governor
Javier Nogales Iturri said.
    Speaking to reporters at the annual meeting of the Inter-
American Development Bank, Nogales said Bolivia's bank advisory
committee, led by Bank of America, is seeking permission from
creditor banks worldwide to go ahead with the scheme.
    More than 50 pct of the banks must approve, and Nogales
said he is confident this threshold will be reached.
    "It's working out very well, and I think we'll get a clear
majority," Nogales said.
    A senior banker working on the deal also said that banks
are responding positively and said all the legal waivers
necessary could be obtained within two months.
    Bolivia halted all payments on its commercial bank debt in
March 1984. Hyperinfltion has been curbed and public spending
trimmed, but the country's debt still trades as low as 10 cts
on the dollar on the secondary market, and many banks have
written off most, if not all, of their loans to the country.
    Few bankers see little chance for a subtantive recovery in
Bolivia's economic fortunes and so are willing to collect what
they can on the loans.
    Nogales said Bolivia would offer to buy back the debt at a
market price. He said some banks might want to hold out for a
higher price, but others would see the repurchase offer as an
opportunity to cut their losses.
    Bolivia intends to pay for the repurchase with aid that
foreign goernments, especially the United States and West
Germany, are providing to help finance the eradication of coca
crops. Cocaine, although illegal, is Bolivia's largest export.
    The campaign to persuade farmers to grow legal crops
instead of coca would be financed instead using local currency,
Nogales said.
    Because the fiscal deficit has been reduced to some four
pct of gross domestic product, money supply could be increased
to pay for the drug-eradication drive without too much of n
impact on inflation, he added.
    Nogales said he does not expect Bolivia's debt repurchase
to become a model for other debtors in dire straits. "We're not
seeking a universal solution," he said."
 Reuter


******BALDRIGE SEES U.S. TRADE DEFICIT STARTING TO DECLINE IN FEB OR MARCH DATA
Blah blah blah.



Normal work has resumed at New
Zealand ports as negotiations between harbour board workers and
employers continue.
    Wellington Harbour Board Workers' Union secretary Ross
Wilson told reporters talks late yesterday ended with agreement
to take unresolved issues before an industrial conciliator.
    Wilson said the only remaining issue is the length of the
union award. The dispute originally was about wage rates and
the form of industry negotiations.
    Cook Strait ferry sailings resumed after Marlborough
Harbour Board workers returned to work this morning, ending
their industrial action a day early.
    The Waterside Workers' Federation, which struck for most of
last week and held more than one mln tonnes of shipping in
ports, meets on Monday and Tuesday in conciliation with the
Waterfront Employers' Association.
    Union Secretary Sam Jennings said: "We've got two days of
talks. If it's not all cleaned up by then ... I don't know what
will happen."
 Reuter

Forstmann Little and Co said Lear
Siegler Holding Corp plans to divest its aerospace group
subsidiary, comprised of the Defense Electronics Group and the
Components Group.
    Divestitures had been expected since Lear-Siegler, a
diversified conglomerate, was acquired last December in a 2.1-
billion-dlr-leveraged buyout by the Wall Street firm of
Forstmann Little.
    Lear's aerospace group revenues for fiscal 1987 are
expected to be about 700 mln dlrs, said Forstmann.
    The Defense Electronics Group designs and manufactures
weapons, management systems, flight control systems, remotely
piloted vehicles and reference and navigation systems, mainly
for military markets.
    The Defense Group subsidiaries are Astronics Corp, which is
based in Santa Monica, Calif., and employs 1,076 people;
Instrument and Avionic Systems Corp, based in Grand Rapids,
Mich., and employs 3,479 people; International Corp, based in
Stamford, Conn., and employs 266 people; and Development
Sciences Corp, based in Ontario, Calif., and employs 237
people.
    The Components Group manufactures pumps, bearings, and
other industrial components as well as nuclear control drive
rod mechanisms and valves.
    The Group's subsidiaries include Power Equipment Corp,
based in Cleveland, which employs 880 people; Energy Products
Corp, based in Santa Ana, Calif., which employs 755 people; 
Romek Corp, based in Elyria, Ohio, which employs 262 people;
and Transport Dynamics in Santa Ana, which employs 254 people.
    Overall, Lear's Aerospace Group's eight subsidiaries
employs 7,200 people.
    Lear Siegler said it plans to retain Management Services
Corp, engaged in aircraft maintenance modification for various
Department of Defense agencies.
    Morgan Stanley and Co will act as financial advsiors for
the group's divestitures.
    Last month, Lear Siegler said it planned to sell its Smith
and Wesson handgun business, Starcraft Recreational Products
Ltd, the Peerless truck trailer operations, and other units, as
part of its restructuring plans.
    Lear apparently will retain its Piper Aircraft unit.
     Reuter

The Semiconductor Industry
Association urged the U.S. government to impose trade sanctions
against Japan for violating the U.S.-Japan Semiconductor Trade
Agreement.
    In a letter to Treasury Secretary James Baker the group
said sanctions should be imposed against Japanese chipmakers as
of April 1 and continue until the U.S. is satisfied there is
full compliance with the agreement.
    The group said action by Japan to cut back on semiconductor
exports is not what is required.
    "America's interests require that agreements be honored and
that U.S. industries not bear the burden for the persistent
unwillingness or inability of the government of Japan to
deliver on its commitments," the trade group said.
    The White House Economic Policy Council is expected to
discuss possible sanctions against Japan at a meeting scheduled
for Thursday.
    The trade group said Japan has not lived up to the terms of
the agreement last year which was aimed at ending Japanese
dumping of semiconductors and at opening Japanese markets to
foreign-based manufacturers.
 Reuter

Central Bank President Jose Luis
Machinea said Argentina could adopt the same posture as Brazil
and suspend payments on its foreign debt if it failed to meet
creditor bank demands.
    "If Argentina had the same difficulties in being unable to
refinance (its debt) under the desired (creditor) conditions,
that (Brasil's) is a path to take," Machinea said.
    Brasil last month suspended payments on a large part of its
109-billion dlr debt, the highest in the developing world.
    Machinea said Brasil did not suspend payments because it
wanted to but because it lacked reserves.
    Argentina has since last month been negotiating a 2.15
billion dlr loan with the steering committee for its
international creditor banks to meet 1987 growth targets.
    But Machinea said the talks were difficult and Argentina
wanted to conclude them as soon as possible.
    "What the (creditor) banks are demanding is not the same as
what Argentina is prepared to concede," Machinea said.
    Argentina has a global foreign debt of 50 billion dlrs. Its
debt with private banks is about 30 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr 69 cts vs six cts
    Net 421,306 vs 44,132
    Revs 3,721,178 vs 3,125,935
    Note: Current qtr net includes a gain of 281,000 dlrs,
mostly from the sale of securities and property.
 Reuter

Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc said
Wednesday its business is booming, despite its inability to
distance itself from the insider trading scandal that has
spread rumors and doubts through Wall Street.
    "For a company that's supposed to be under siege, we are
doing extremely well. We are exceedingly profitable," a
spokesman for the firm told Reuters.
    The rumors that have swirled around Drexel, more than any
other broker, have involved concerns that its business will be
threatened by the Federal probe, say Wall Street sources. The
firm has long been at the leading edge of the mergers business
and had ties to now-disgraced speculator Ivan Boesky.
    In the latest chapter of the story, Drexel said that some
commodities firms have begun to limit the amount of business
they will do with the firm, citing credit risks. Drexel has
long been a powerful competitor in precious metals markets.
    But Drexel spokesman Steve Anredder told Reuters that
Drexel's overall business is proceeding normally and the
first-quarter profit "could be the strongest of anybody on Wall
Street."
    "I wouldn't say we're not feeling any effect (from the
trading probes)," he said. "But we're doing extremely well."
    The firm was among the first to be subpoenaed in the
government's wide-ranging probe of illegal trading involving
the use of confidential company information on Wall Street.
    Believed to be under particular scrutiny was Drexel's "junk
bond" operation -- the issuance of high-risk speculative debt
that it pioneered for financing corporate takeovers.
    "We have done nothing wrong," said the Drexel spokesman.
"After a thorough investigation, we have found no evidence of
any wrongdoing by the firm or anyone within the firm."
    The spokesman said that in the aftermath of the Boesky
arrest, Drexel had not been charged. Nor had any individual at
the firm been charged with illegal acts while employed by
Drexel. One of its top merger specialists, Martin Siegel, was
charged in connection with a former job.
    Still, more than any other firm on Wall Street, Drexel has
suffered the consequences of the insider trading probe. To
begin with, there have been a series of brief shocks in the
junk bond market, in nervousness linked to rumors that Drexel
might be in trouble.
    At one point, Drexel said Wednesday, a large Midwest bank
refused to allow Drexel-issued bonds as collateral on credit
lines. Two weeks ago, the restriction was withdrawn, it said.
    The company also was notified last month that the outside
insurer of Drexel's individual brokerage accounts had decided
not to renew coverage. Drexel has set up its own subsidiary
handling part of the insurance. American International Group
and a group of British underwriters have handled the rest.
    Drexel also appears to have lost ground to others in the
mergers and acquisition business recently, market sources said.
However, Anredder said that there was no sign that Drexel had
lost any customers at all owing to the insider trading cases.
But in citing results for the quarter, the company points
mostly to other areas of success.
    Corporate financings have totaled 8 billion dlrs, including
3 billion dlrs in new junk bonds in the January-March period,
Drexel said. Drexel maintains the lion's share of this
lucrative business, trade sources noted.
    The market for junk bonds, although jittery, "has rallied
back with a vengeance," Anredder said.
    Although they see new competition in the junk bond arena,
market sources concur that Drexel remains king of the hill.
    While some of the leading Wall Street firms were limiting
head-to-head dealings with Drexel in the commodity markets 
based on worries over the credit of the company, the Drexel
spokesman called this "ridiculous."
 Reuter

The shareholders of Illinois
Cooperative Futures Co voted to dissolve the 26-year-old firm,
the futures trading arm of 85 farm cooperatives, its president
said.
    Thomas E. Mulligan, president of the board of directors,
said 87 pct of the 61 members voting favored dissolution.
    The directors recommended the move, citing falling volume
and higher costs, when it called a special shareholders meeting
last month.
    Mulligan said the cooperative would continue operating
until April 24, when the member cooperatives will have to begin
clearing their futures trades through other companies.
    Mulligan said one of the members, Farmers Commodities of
Des Moines, Iowa, was attempting to organize a new cooperative
to replace Illinois Coop as a clearing company.
    Sources close to Farmers Commodities confirmed its plans,
but Hal Richards, president, could not be reached immediately
for comment, and it was unknown how many cooperatives might be
willing to band together.
    Industry sources said Farmers Commodities would face a
difficult task in setting up a new clearing organization by
April 24, the day Illinois Cooperative will be dissolved.
    They would have to obtain commitments from a sufficient
number of cooperatives to meet minimum capital requirements,
obtain trading memberships, and set up the office mechanisms to
handle futures trading.
    In the meantime, commercial clearing firms have been
courting the individual coops, trying to obtain their business
with low trading rates.
    If Farmers Commodities is unable to set up a clearing
organization by April 24, individual members will find other
homes, and they're unlikely to change clearing firms a second
time, one industry source said.
    The demise of Illinois Coop was set in motion by the
withdrawl of Growmark, Inc., the largest member with more than
70 pct of the capital stock, according to sources within the
cooperative.
    Mulligan acknowledged prior to the vote that Growmark had
no need to belong to the cooperative since it became affiliated
last year with Archer Daniels Midland.
    But he said Illinois Cooperative would still have been able
to meet minimum capital requirements without Growmark.
    The vote to dissolve the organization was met with "a
certain amount of pang," he said. "But in the final analysis,
the decision has to be economic, not emotional."
 Reuter

The U.S. Supreme Court upheld
affirmative action programmes designed to promote women in the
workplace yesterday, handing President Reagan's civil rights
policy a major defeat.
    Tn a 6-3 decision, the court held that the civil rights
laws allow employers to take the gender of workers into account
to improve female representation in the workforce.
    The Reagan administration had charged that affirmative
action is reverse discrimination.
    The case involved the 1980 promotion of a female road yard
clerk, Diane Joyce, over a more qualified male, Paul Johnson.
 REUTER

 has no plans to
produce sports cars in the U.S., A company spokesman said.
    A Japanese daily paper said Mazda would switch production
of its RX-7 sports car, which is popular in the U.S., To the
U.S. Over the next three years to minimise losses caused by the
yen's rise against the dollar.
    Mazda's wholly owned subsidiary &lt;Mazda Motor Manufacturing
(USA) Corp> (MMUC) in Flatrock, Michigan, is due to start
producing Mazda 626 saloon cars from September at an annual
rate of 240,000, the company said on March 2.
    One of Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> Japanese distributors, &lt;Autorama
Inc>, said recently it was considering importing the
MMUC-manufactured cars. The imported cars will all bear Ford
name plates but those sold in the U.S. Will carry Mazda
insignia.
    Ford will take 60 to 70 pct of the cars produced by MMUC
while the rest will be sold through Mazda's own U.S. Sales
network, the spokesman said.
    Mazda Motor Corp is owned 24 pct by Ford.
 REUTER


****** German February trade surplus 10.4 billion marks (Jan surplus 7.2 billion) - official
Blah blah blah.



The head of a Philippine panel charged
with selling the non-performing assets of government financial
institutions said some 100 state-owned companies would also be
put up for privatisation.
    But David SyCip, chief executive trustee of the Asset
Privatisation Trust (APT), told a meeting of financial
executives the APT has not yet received a list of the firms.
    "I believe lead investor groups, people who see long-term
potential, are willing to buy such companies in full and do a
hands-on job of running them," SyCip said.
    SyCip said open bidding would be used to sell all assets
handled by the APT. He said bidding would be either
open-priced, if there were enough serious contenders, or the
APT would set a target price for acquisition. He added that the
target price did not constitute a rigid floor.
    "What we consider an acceptable price is a price at which an
investor will earn an adequate return," he said.
    SyCip said the bulk of the APT's current work relates to
the non-performing assets of the state-owned Development Bank
of the Philippines (DBP) and the Philippine National Bank
(PNB). The APT was set up in January.
    SyCip said about 75 pct of the 400-odd assets that the DBP
and the PNB are handing over to the APT are still in the form
of financial assets.
    "In some cases financial assets have been converted into
physical assets by foreclosures. They are fairly cut and dried
because we are dealing with mostly whole production facilities
like textile or food-processing plants," he said.
    "Financial assets are more complicated. The only recourse is
to foreclose, gain titles, and try to sell the asset, but the
laws here tend to favour the debtors," he added.
    SyCip said although the APT is protected from prosecution
by its charter, many debtors are tying up the panel with
litigation.
    "If you see some of the situations we have to work our way
through you will see that our symbol, a Gordian knot, is an apt
illustration," he said.
    SyCip said the PNB has not succeeded in foreclosing on 16
of the 17 sugar factories it wants to sell because of the high
costs involved. "When you do your arithmetic you realise that if
you did foreclose your recovery would be only a fraction of the
asset's book exposure," he said.
    SyCip said the APT was not worried about whether associates
of former President Ferdinand Marcos, who originally owned many
of the bankrupt companies, would buy them back through the
privatisation scheme.
    "We just look at the bottom line, which is to monetise these
assets to the maximum degree possible," he said. "We are selling
for cash, it is not our concern where it comes from."
    He said he had told cabinet ministers sceptical about the
identities of buyers that "Marcos cronies" could easily put up
legitimate fronts if they were specifically barred from bidding
for assets on the block.
    "I told them if I am paid 20 mln pesos in 100-peso bills,
all with identical serial numbers and they look like genuine
legal currency, then I would accept them'," SyCip said.
    He said some participants in the government's debt-equity
swap scheme were interested in buying non-performing assets
with the pesos they receive from such deals. The problem is
government regulations slow down approval of debt-equity plans
and the APT normally demands full payment within 15 days.
    "The Central Bank and Monetary Board could also look at
investment funds earmarked for non-performing asset purchases,"
he said. "It would greatly facilitate matters."
    SyCip said last month the APT hoped to recover about 24
billion pesos of the assets' total worth of 108 billion.
    President Corazon Aquino announced earlier this month that
proceeds from the sale of APT-controlled assets would be used
to finance the government's land reform program, which aims to
distribute about 9.7 mln hectares of land to poor peasants.
    Asked why the APT did not favour Filipino buyers, SyCip
said: "How much money has the country to lose because of this
'Filipinos first' slogan? How many people have become
millionaires and then forgotten the Philippines and put their
money in the United States or Australia?"
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it revised its
estimate of today's money market shortfall to around 350 mln
stg from a flat position.
 REUTER


******IWC ups Soviet grain 1986/87 import estimate three mln tonnes to 29 mln - official
Blah blah blah.



 said its
underlying performance would continue to improve in the second
half but profits would be restrained by low activity in U.K.
Commercial vehicle and tractor markets as well as in North
American electronics.
    The company earlier reported a two mln stg rise in pretax
profit to 40 mln in the six months to end-January. The figure
was some five mln below forecasts and Lucas shares dropped
sharply to 557.5p at 1130 GMT from last night's close of 590p.
    It said it would continue with plans for all its activities
to be internationally competitive and profitable.
    Costs of restructuring, reorganisation, employee training
and retraining, particularly in the UK automotive businesses,
together with high research and development spending would
affect profits in the short term.
    But Lucas said it was exploiting growth opportunities in
automotive markets, especially in vehicle breaking and engine
management systems. Recent acquisitions in North America had
strengthened Lucas Aerospace and Lucas Industrial systems.
 REUTER

Swiss lawyers have largely headed off an
attempt to restrict banking secrecy and curb their powers to
act for clients despite the new, revised code of banking
conduct agreed by the Bankers' Association this week, analysts
said.
    The "laundering" of drug and "insider dealing" money and
controversy over accounts of the ousted Philippine and Haitian
Presidents have hurt the standing of Swiss banks recently and
strained international relations, particularly with the United
States.
    Critics said the new code fell well short of demands for
reform, doing little to close a key loophole in the requirement
that banks know the identity of their customers.
    The Social Democratic party, a member of the ruling
four-party coalition, which forced an unsuccesful 1984
referendum to curb banking secrecy, complained the code still
fell short of the legal controls they wanted.
    "It looks a slight improvement on paper, but the same tricks
will still be possible in practice," Felix Meier, a senior party
official, told Reuters.
    In contrast, Swiss lawyers are happy with the new code.
    "Apart from a few nuances, we are very pleased with the
agreement," said Max Oesch, a senior official of the Swiss
Lawyers Federation, which has fought a long campaign to prevent
any curbs on lawyers' ability to act for their clients.
    "It has shown that the 4,000 Swiss lawyers who do a good job
should not be punished for the sake of getting at the one or
two black sheep."
    The role of lawyers has been at the centre of long running
discussions on the renewal of the so-called "convention of
diligence," a voluntary code of banking conduct introduced in
response to a major banking scandal here in 1977.
    With secrecy back in the public eye due to the Ferdinand
Marcos case and a Swiss bank link to the recently busted "Pizza
Connection" international heroin ring, officials at the Banking
Commission said earlier this year they wanted a tightening of
rules on anonymity.
    However, the changes in the new code, which comes into
operation in October, have been minor.
    Clients will still be able to keep their identity secret
from the banks provided their lawyer pledges that the
relationship with his client "is not only of a temporary nature"
and involves provision of other legal services.
    The Lawyers' Association said this part of their business
is very minimal anyway. In the majority of cases, people had
perfectly legal private or commercial reasons for not wanting
the bank to know their identity, Oesch said.
    The Banking Commission, despite its earlier demand for a
virtual abolition of the loophole, also said it was happy with
the new code.
    However, critics complain that the agreement does not go
far enough to restrict the role of lawyers and could still be
circumvented by criminals.
    "No other group in society is allowed to regulate itself as
much as the banks," complained Meier of the Social Democrats. "I
hope that the Banking Commission exercises its proper control
function."
    However, other parts of the agreement won praise.
    In particular, banks will also now be required to demand
the identity anyone doing more than 100,000 Swiss francs worth
of business with them, even if they do not have an account at
the bank. Until now, the threshold was 500,000 francs.
    Peter Kluser, head of the National Bank's legal department,
which had argued for a lower limit, said the move could help
combat the use of banks to "launder" or hide the criminal origin
of money.
    The new code also clarifies the legal status of a tribunal
able to impose heavy fines on banks which do not respect the
code.
 REUTER

Britain's visible trade deficit narrowed
to a seasonally adjusted provisional 224 mln stg in February
from 527 mln in January, The Trade and Industry Department
said.
    The current account balance of payments in February showed
a seasonally adjusted provisional surplus of 376 mln stg
compared with a surplus of 73 mln in January.
    Invisibles in February were put provisionally at a 600 mln
surplus, the same as in January.
    Seasonally adjusted, imports rose in February to 7.16
billion stg from 6.73 billion in January. Exports rose to a
record 6.93 billion last month from 6.20 billion in January.
    Trade Department officials said the improvement in
Britain's current account contrasted with most private
forecasts and they attributed much of the strength to imports
rising less quickly in February than might otherwise have been
expected.
    The Department said exceptionally cold weather in January
reduced exports that month and that there had been an element
of catching up in the February figures.
    The seasonally adjusted volume index, base 1980, a guide to
underlying non-oil trade, showed exports rising to 131.0 from
114.6 in January and imports rising to 142.2 from 136.5.
    The value of British oil exports in February rose to 751
mln stg from 723 mln in Jnauary while oil imports rose to 425
mln from 352 mln.
    The Department said the upward trend in non-oil export
volume continues and the underlying level of non-oil import
volume seems to have stablised.
    The Departnment said exports to the U.S. May be benefiting
from fluctuations in the mark and yen exchange rates.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker
declined to comment on whether President Reagan would reappoint
Paul Volcker to a third term as chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board.
    "I spent four years and two weeks in the White House job 
refusing to comment on personnel matters," he said in an
interview with the Cable News Network. "I'm not going to change
now."
    But Baker did say Volcker has "done a tremendous job" and
added they get on "extremely well", both when he was White House
chief of staff and during his term at Treasury.
    When asked whether he differed with Volcker on
international economic policy, Baker said "there's really no
difference of opinion between us with respect to these matters."
    In other comments, Baker said he did not think a tax rise
was a good idea and nor did President Reagan. But he believed
Congress would enact some spending cuts. "The minute you say
raise taxes, all restraints on spending go by the board."
    He once again pointed out that taxes were 19 pct of gnp but
spending was at 24 pct, a statistic he used to argue strongly
for spending cuts.
 reuter

Britain's visible trade deficit narrowed
to a seasonally adjusted provisional 224 mln stg in February
from 527 mln in January, The Trade and Industry Department
said.
    The current account balance of payments in February showed
a seasonally adjusted provisional surplus of 376 mln stg
compared with a surplus of 73 mln in January.
    Invisibles in February were put provisionally at a 600 mln
surplus, the same as in January.
    Seasonally adjusted, imports rose in February to 7.16
billion stg from 6.73 billion in January. Exports rose to a
record 6.93 billion last month from 6.20 billion in January.
    Trade Department officials said the improvement in
Britain's current account contrasted with most private
forecasts and they attributed much of the strength to imports
rising less quickly in February than might otherwise have been
expected.
    The Department said exceptionally cold weather in January
reduced exports that month and that there had been an element
of catching up in the February figures.
    The seasonally adjusted volume index, base 1980, a guide to
underlying non-oil trade, showed exports rising to 131.0 from
114.6 in January and imports rising to 142.2 from 136.5.
    The value of British oil exports in February rose to 751
mln stg from 723 mln in Jnauary while oil imports rose to 425
mln from 352 mln.
 Reuter


******BANK OF FRANCE LEAVES MONEY MARKET INTERVENTION RATE UNCHANGED AT 7-3/4 PCT - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



Foote Mineral Co said it signed a
letter of intent to merge into Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp PLC for
cash.
    Foote, 83 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp, said Newmont
has informally indicated it would vote in favor of the Rio
Tinto proposal.
    Foote said terms of the agreement, including price for the
proposed cash transaction, have not been released because they
are subject to a continuing due diligence investigation.
    The company said a definitive merger agreement is expected
to be negotiated within six weeks and shareholders are expected
to vote on the deal at a meeting expected to be held in June or
July.
 Reuter

Madagascar's cocoa production is
estimated 13 pct higher this year at 2,720 tonnes, up from
2,400 in 1986, Agriculture Ministry officials said.
    This improvement reflects the government's efforts over the
last seven years to extend existing cocoa plantations and plant
new higher yielding varieties, particularly at the northern tip
of the island, they said.
    Last year, Madagascar exported 2,189 tonnes of high quality
cocoa, up from 1,624 in 1985, the Trade Ministry said.
    This year's exports are estimated at 2,400 tonnes.
 Reuter

CompuDyne Corp said its
Robintech Inc unit expects to spend 300,000 to 350,000 dlrs on
a study of a former plant site requested by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, EPA.
    The company said another potentially responsible party was
also asked to share in the study. The plant, in Vestal, N.Y.,
has been designated as a Superfund site by the EPA.
    While its responsibility has not been established, it said
the study will determine what remedial action may be needed at
the site.
 Reuter

BDM International Inc said it has
received a U.S. Army contract with a base year value of
1,400,000 dlrs to support the plans and operations staff of the
U.S. Army Joint Readiness Training Center, based at Little Rock
Air Force Base.
    The company said with three option years, total value would
be about 7,200,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Pier 1 Imports Inc said its
board declared a three-for-two split of its common stock and
its 25 cents preferred stock, and declared a regular quarterly
dividend of two cents per share on the pre-split shares of
common stock outstanding.
    Pier 1 also declared a 12.5 pct annual dividend increase
for the post-split common shares. The split will be effected in
the form of a 50 pct stock dividend on both classes.
    The company said shareholder approval is required for an
increase in authorized shares of common stock to 100 mln from
25 mln.
    It said approval is also needed for an increase in
authorized shares of preferred stock from one million to five
million. It said voting will be conducted at its annual
shareholder meeting on June 24.
    Pier 1 said there are currently 19.1 million shares of
common stock and 960,000 shares of 25 cts preferred stock
outstanding.
    The split shares will be distributed on June 29 to
shareholders of record May 13. The two cts per share quarterly
cash dividend will be payable May 29 to shareholders of record
May 13.
    "The increase in shares outstanding will broaden the base
of stock ownership in the company, and the dividend increase
reflects the directors' positive outlook for the future
prospects of Pier 1 Imports," said Clark Johnson, president and
chief executive officer.
 Reuter


said an initial public offering of 1,600,000 common shares is
underway at 14.50 dlrs per share through underwriters led by
&lt;Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc>.
 Reuter

Libyan forces appear to be
withdrawing from their last stronghold in Chad after suffering
defeats at the hands of French-backed government troops,
according to officials in both the U.S. And France.
    In Washington, a State Department spokesman told reporters
"we have no reason to doubt that Libyan forces are leaving Faya
Largeau," Libya's main garrison in Chad.
    The French Defence Ministry said it could not confirm the
departure of the Libyan troops, but an official said "it is
extremely likely. They are deprived of air cover and supplies,
and their morale must be zero."
 REUTER

The European Community today sold
181,500 tonnes of ageing butter to the Soviet Union at a
special knockdown price, a spokesman for the EC Commission
said.
    He said the EC's Dairy Management Committee accepted bids
from operators to export the butter, mainly from intervention
stores in Belgium, West Germany and the Netherlands, at a price
of 21.1 European currency units per 100 kilos.
    The butter was bought into Community stores at 313.2 Ecus
per 100 kilos. The sales are part of the EC's process of
attempting to run down its butter surplus.
 REUTER

The Italian Treasury said it would offer
an undetermined amount of 10-year variable-coupon certificates
(CCTs) at a rate unchanged on that of the preceding offer in
late February.
    The Treasury said that, unlike the previous offer, the
amount had not been prefixed. It would be in line with market
demand unless this was considered excessive.
    The CCTs will be priced at 99.00 pct for an effective net
annual yield on the first coupon, payable April 1, 1988, of
9.85 pct.
    Subsequent yields on the certificates will be calculated by
adding 0.75 point to average rates on short-term Treasury
bills.
    Subscriptions to the issue open April 1 and are scheduled
to close April 7.
    The Treasury said it reserved the right to close the issue
early.
 REUTER

Mickelberry Corp said it has completed
the previously-announced sale of the 51 pct of its C and W
Group subsidiary that it had retained to N W Ayer Inc for
undisclosed terms.
    Ayer bought the other 49 pct next year.
    Mickelberry said it will report a gain on the transaction.
 Reuter

Chairman Dan Rostenkowski of the
tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee said today President
Reagan must reconsider his consistent opposition to any tax
increases.
    The Illinois Democrat, asked on a television interview (on
NBC-Today) about the possibility of tax hikes, said, "I think
the president is going to have to reconsider."
    He added, "I just hope there's enough vision in this
administration to recognize that our deficits are intolerable
and the only way we're going to do it is by raising revenues."
 Reuter

French unemployment rose to a record
seasonally adjusted 2.65 mln in February from 2.61 mln in
January and 2.57 mln at the end of last year, the Labour
Ministry said.
    The rise took the percentage of the workforce out of a job
to 11.0 pct last month from 10.9 pct in January and 10.7 pct at
the end of 1986.
    In unadjusted terms unemployment fell by around 30,000 last
month to 2.70 mln.
 REUTER

Turkey's European Affairs Minister Ali
Bozer will arrive here on Saturday to set a date for his
country's long-planned application to join the European
Community (EC), expected by early May, diplomats said.
    The Turkish embassy here said an application was expected
"very soon" but gave no date. But sources close to the embassy
said the application for full EC membership would probably be
made in April, or at the latest, by the first week of May.
    Bozer, is due to meet Turkish Prime Minister Turgut Ozal in
London today to decide on the date of the application, they
added.
 REUTER

Sweden's state-run Institute of
Economic Research released its forecast of economic indicators
during 1987 upon which revisions to the state budget, due to be
put forward at the end of next month, will be based.
    The institute predicted an increase in exports by 2.2 pct
to 277.72 billion crowns, with imports up 2.9 pct on 1986 to
247.51 billion.
    The balance of payments current account, which showed a
1986 surplus of 7.6 billion crowns, will be reduced to a
surplus of no more than 1.5 billion, according to the
institute.
    The state-run institute's forecast will be used as a basis
for revisions which the Finance Ministry is due to make to the
state budget, which was published in January.
 REUTER

Oakwood Homes Corp is raising 25 mln
dlrs via an offering of convertible subordinated debentures due
2012 with a 6-1/2 pct coupon and par pricing, said lead manager
Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corp.
    The debentures are convertible into the company's common
stock at 21.25 dlrs per share, representing a premium of 23.19
pct over the stock price when terms on the debt were set.
    Non-callable for three years, the issue is rated B-2 by
Moody's Investors and B by Standard and Poor's. J.C. Bradford
and Legg Mason co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

Aluminium scrap recovery and usage and
output of secondary metal will continue to rise, said Shearson
Lehman Brothers in a review of the secondary aluminium market
which details cost and demand factors.
    Although primary smelting costs have declined generally in
recent years, the still substantial energy cost savings offered
by secondary smelters will continue to make re-melted material
increasingly attractive.
    It takes around 15,000 kilowatt hours (kwh) of electricity
to produce one tonne of primary aluminium compared with around
550 kwh for one tonne of secondary metal, Shearson said.
    On the demand side, developments in automobiles and
packaging bode well for secondary aluminium consumption.
    Automobile production, although expected to fall this year,
is still on an upward trend and will continue to be so for the
foreseeable future and, in addition, use of aluminium castings
is gaining wider acceptance in the automobile industry,
particularly in the U.S.
    In packaging, Shearson does not expect aluminium to
dominate the beverage can market in any of the other major
economies to the extent it does in the U.S., But says there is
evidence recycling is on the increase in other countries.
    In addition to the cost savings involved, technology
advances now enable alloys of higher purity to be produced by
the secondary aluminium industry, Shearson said.
    There is not likely to be a problem of availability as the
U.S. Has a huge scrap reservoir and this is also true of
several European countries, albeit on a smaller scale.
 Reuter

Oper shr profit seven cts vs loss 12 cts
    Oper net profit 216,000 vs loss 401,000
    Sales 21.4 mln vs 24.9 mln
    NOTE: Current year net excludes 142,000 dlr tax credit.
    Company operating in Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
 Reuter

Increased activity by Switzerland's
banks pushed net capital exports to a provisional 11.7 billion
francs last year from 10.0 billion in 1985, the National Bank
said in a pre-publication copy of its annual report.
    It also said the current account surplus of the Swiss
balance of payments reached a provisional 13.5 billion francs
last year, from 12.8 billion in 1985.
    The National Bank's currency reserves rose by 1.8 billion
francs, against a 2.8 billion rise in 1985. However, taking
into accounts effects of the shift in exchange rates, reserves
actually fell in value by 1.9 billion.
    The banks' net capital exports climbed to 5.4 billion
francs, from 5.1 billion in 1985, while capital exports by
domestic non-banks fell to 5.0 billion from 9.1 billion.
    The National Bank gave the following figures (1985 in
brackets)
    Current Account +13.5 billion (+12.8 in 1985), made up of:
    Goods                     -7.1 (-8.7)
    Services                  +10.1 (+9.8)
    Factor Income             +12.5 (+13.7)
    Transfers                 -2.0 (-2.0)
 Capital Account -11.7 billion (-10.0 in 1985) made up of
    Direct Investment                          N/A  (-6.3)
    Portfolio Investment                       N/A  (-2.8)
    Capital Traffic of Banks                  -10.4 (-14.2)
    Other Capital Traffic Included             N/A  (+5.6)
    Traffic not Included and Statistical Error N/A  (+7.7)
    Change in Currency Reserves of the National Bank +1.8
(+2.8)
    Interest Income on Foreign Currency        +2.4 (+3.4)
    Foreign Currency Transactions              -0.6 (-0.6)
 REUTER

Jaguar Cars Inc, a subsidiary of Jaguar
PLC, said it introduced its new 1988 XJ6 luxury sedan to
replace its Series III XJ6 sedan.
    The 40,500-dlr car will be available in showrooms starting
May four, the company said.
    Many parts of the XJ6 and the 44,500 dlr Vanden Plas have
been changed, adding high-tech features. The car has seven
micro-processors that control its major electrical functions.
The in-car computer offers a wide array of trip information.
    The Vanden Plas offers more features than the basic XJ6.
    Jaguar said it has a "substantial waiting list" for the
cars in Europe, where it was introduced last October.
 Reuter

Spain's state refiner Empresa Nacional
de Petroleo S.A. (EMP) plans to build its second unit for
production of methyl tertiary butyl ether (MTBE), a gasoline
additive replacing lead, company sources said.
    The Coruna-based plant, with an annual capacity of 27,000
tonnes, and a 55,000-tonnes-per-year facility that EMP will
start up in Tarragona next year, will make the state refiner
Spain's biggest producer of MTBE.
    Petroleos del Norte S.A. (Petronor) runs a 45,000 tonne a
year plant in Bilbao and Cia Espanola de Petroleos S.A. (Cepsa)
plans to put a similar unit onstream next year in Algeciras.
 Reuter

Blockbuster Entertainment Corp said it
agreed to buy &lt;Southern Video>, a Blockbuster licensee in San
Antonio.
    Blockbuster said it will issue 80,460 shares of its common
stock for all the net assets of Southern Video.
    The company said after the acquisition is complete, it
intends to open additional Blockbuster Video Superstores in the
San Antonio market.
 Reuter

Brazil's soybean harvest was 13
pct complete by March 20, the Safras e Mercado newsletter said.
    This compares with an historic average for this time of
year of 20 pct.
    The newsletter gave the following figures for the progress
of the harvest in the main producer states:
    Parana: 40 pct
    Mato Grosso do Sul: 15 pct
    Mato Grosso: five pct
    Rio Grande do Sul: two pct
 Reuter

Time Inc is raising 250 mln dlrs via
an offering of sinking fund debentures due 2017 yielding 8.84
pct, said lead manager Salomon Brothers Inc.
    The debentures have an 8-3/4 pct coupon and were priced at
99.055 to yield 115 basis points over the off-the-run 9-1/4 pct
Treasury bonds of 2016. First Boston co-managed the deal.
    The issue is non-refundable for 10 years. A sinking fund
starting in 1998 to retire annually five pct of the debentures
can be upped by 200 pct at the company's option, giving them an
estimated minimum life of 13.85 years and maximum of 20.5
years. The debt is rated Aa-3 by Moody's and A-plus by S/P.
 Reuter


******HEALTHMATE INC SAYS AUDITORS INTEND TO QUALIFY ITS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Blah blah blah.



House Speaker Jim Wright, D-Texas,
said House Budget Committee Democrats were on target to reach
budget deficit reduction goals with a plan for 18 billion dlrs
in new revenues and 18 billion dlrs in additional budget cuts.
    "We're right on target," Wright told reporters. "The cuts are
real cuts. The revenues would be real revenues."
    Wright said it would be up to Congress to come up with the
new revenues. President Reagan says he will veto any
legislation which raises taxes.
    Wright said the budget plan may come up in the House next
week. Republicans are expected to offer an alternative budget.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Service Inc said it
may downgrade about 65 mln dlrs of Frank B. Hall and Co Inc's
B-1 subordinated notes.
    Moody's said its focus will be on Hall's brokerage business
and contingent liabilities associated with the unit Union
Indemnity Insurance Co.
    The agency cited a 140 mln dlr lawsuit by the New York
State Insurance Department against Hall in connection with the
insolvency of the Union Indemnity subsidiary, which was
liquidated by New York Insurance in 1985.
 Reuter

Treasury Assistant Secretary David
Mulford said he did not believe that West Germany and Japan
have yet carried out their international responsibilities.
    "I do not believe they have up to this time," Mulford told
a Senate banking subcommittee.
    He said that for the U.S. trade deficit to continue
improving in the next two years, "We need more policy actions"
across the entire front of U.S. trade relations, including
Canada and the newly-industrialized countries (NICS).
    In particular, he said, efforts by South Korea and Taiwan
to strengthen their currencies were still disappointing.
    Mulford also said that OECD nations need to grow an average
three pct to help resolve the international debt crisis.
    He noted that Japanese and European imports from Latin
nations were significantly smaller than imports into the U.S.
    He stressed both Germany and Japan must continue to take
economic and structural measures to ensure stronger sustained
economic growth.
 Reuter

Shr 16 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 1,888,000 vs 1,307,000
    Revs 7,365,000 vs 5,877,000
    Year
    Oper shr 58 cts vs 40 cts
    Oper net 7,005,000 vs 4,866,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 21.1 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes 263,000 dlr loss from
discontinued operations and 2,073,000 dlrs on disposal.
    Share adjusted for stock dividends.
 Reuter

Shr 34 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 2,253,000 vs 1,332,000
    Sales 89.7 mln vs 85.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 94 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 6,191,000 vs 4,257,000
    Sales 316.4 mln vs 286.7 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods includes 2,100,000 dlr
charge from sale of Craft Showcase stores.
 Reuter

West German retailers expect another good
year in 1987 even though they will not be able to repeat the
sharp increase in turnover they enjoyed in 1986, the General
Association of the German Retail Trade (HDE) said.
    HDE President Wolfgang Hinrichs said retailers would be
satisfied with a real turnover increase of between 2.5 pct to
three pct in 1987 after last year's steep 3.7 pct rise.
    Hinrichs said the 1986 turnover increase had brought the
first hesitant signs of improvement in earnings in the West
German retail sector.
 REUTER

French heavy engineering group Alsthom
&lt;ALSF.PA> has won a 900 mln franc contract from Pakistan to
supply four 100 MW gas turbines, the company said in a press
release.
    The turbines are for the electricity generating plant at
Kot-Addu, in central Pakistan and are expected to be
operational at the end of 1988.
 REUTER

No action has been taken yet
on the Reagan Adminstration's offer to escort Kuwaiti oil
tankers through the Gulf, but the issue is being discussed,
U.S. Secretary of Defence Caspar Weinberger said.
    The offer was made to Kuwait in light of Iran's deployment
of Chinese-built missiles to cover the entrance to the Gulf.
    Weinberger told reporters prior to a speech at Texas
Christian University that he did not think Iran and the United
States were moving towards a potential conflict, adding that
the Straits of Hormuz at the mouth of the Gulf were still "free
water."
 REUTER

Nippon Signal Co Ltd is issuing 50 mln
Swiss franc of five year notes with warrants, paying an
indicated 1-3/8 pct, lead manager Morgan Stanley said.
    Terms will be fixed on April 2 with payment due April 22.
The notes are guaranteed by Fuji Bank Ltd.
 REUTER

Foote Mineral Co said it has signed
a letter of intent to merge into &lt;Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp PLC> for
cash.
    The company said at the time of the acquisition, its assets
will include only lithium and ferrosilicon operations. Foote,
which is 83 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM>, has signed
a letter of intent to sell its Cambridge operations and said it
is in talks on the sale of its manganese operations with
several companies.  Foote said Newmont has informally indicated
it would vote in favor of the Rio Tinto proposal.
    Foote said terms of the agreement, including price for the
proposed cash transaction, have not been released because they
are subject to a continuing due diligence investigation.
    The company said a definitive merger agreement is expected
to be negotiated within six weeks and shareholders are expected
to vote on the deal at a meeting expected to be held in June or
July.
 Reuter

Belgian banks will need greater
flexibility to choose their sphere of operations by 1992, when
the European Community is due to introduce free competition in
banking throughout the bloc, Generale de Banque SA &lt;GENB.BR>
president Eric de Villegas de Clercamp told a news conference.
    He said at present Belgian and Italian banks were the most
restricted in the EC.
    While German banks were free to hold stakes in commercial
companies in which they invested capital, Belgian banks could
do so only in severely limited circumstances for short periods.
    "The authorities concerned should introduce within a
reasonable period major modifications toward greater freedom
and flexibility if we want to retain competitiveness with the
neighbouring countries," de Villegas said.
    He said the EC authorities envisaged that after 1992
financial institutions would be able to start operations
throughout the EC.
    Since the control of each institution would remain in the
hands of the authorities in its country of origin, rules
applied in member states could distort competition unless they
were harmonised.
 REUTER

Shr profit 1.44 dlrs vs profit 83 cts
    Net profit 39.0 mln vs profit 22.5 mln
    Sales 816.1 mln vs 865.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 95 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 25.6 mln vs profit 2,223,000
    Sales 2,142,118 vs 2,234,768
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes prtax
provisions for restructuring operations of 4,868,000 dlrs in
quarter and 38.1 mln dlrs in year.
    Latest year net includes 1,825,000 dlr tax credit and
2,600,000 dlr posttax loss from debt extinguishment.
 Reuter


******BANK OF FRANCE BUYS DOLLARS, SELLS YEN - DEALERS
Blah blah blah.



Treasury Assistant Secretary David
Mulford said the Paris agreement among leading industrial
nations is intended to produce "reasonable stability" in exchange
markets over the next few months.
    He told a Senate Banking subcommittee the Group of Five
nations and Canada agreed in Paris to "see if there can't be a
period of reasonable stability instead of volatility" to give
time for the committments in Paris to take place.
    Asked by Sen Phil Gramm (R-Tex) whether U.S. intervention
was not in fact overvaluing the dollar, Mulford replied that
the administration judged that after economic adjustments,
current exchange rates reflect underlying economic
fundamentals.
    In particular, the stability sought by the nations would
allow West Germany and Japan to stimulate their economies
domestically and the U.S. to cut its budget deficit, Mulford
said in his testimony.
    He stressed that a further sharp fall in the dollar would
hurt the ability of Germany and Japan to boost growth.
    Mulford noted that half of West Germany's economy was
affected by international developments.
    He also said increased Japanese domestic growth would
result in more U.S. exports to Japan and would not necessarily
lead to greater Japanese capital flows to the U.S., as Gramm
asserted, if Japan reformed its domestic capital market.
    Commenting on the Paris agreement, Mulford said, "I think
exchange rates ought to be stabilized so (Germany's and
Japan's) efforts can be carried out.
    Mulford rejected Gramm's argument that faster domestic
growth in Germany and Japan would result in an even lower
dollar.
    Mulford said the administration wanted to achieve a pattern
of higher growth overseas as a way of improving the U.S. trade
deficit.
    Otherwise, he said, the trade deficit would be resolved
either through a much lower dollar or a U.S. recession, both
alternatives he termed unacceptable and undesirable.
 Reuter


said the London Stock Exchange has restored the listing of its
50 mln dlrs of secured floating rate notes dated 1992 at the
company's request.
    The notes are fully secured and therefore have a prior
claim over Cambrian's assets in the event of other claims
arising from litigation, it added.
    Dealings in Cambrian's securities have been suspended since
late 1986 following the disclosure of insider trading
activities by former chairman Ivan Boesky. Cambrian officials
were not immediately available for further comment on today's
statement.
 REUTER

A floating rate treasury note issue by
the Republic of Austria is likely to be raised to 2.5 billion
schillings from two billion due to heavy demand, lead manager
Oesterreichische Laenderbank AG &lt;OLBV.VI> said.
    Laenderbank managing board member Herbert Cordt told
Reuters that demand had been strong throughout Europe. The
issue, carrying interest of 1/8th of a point over the
three-month Vienna Interbank Offered Rate, is the second of its
kind. The first was made last October 23.
    The issue, made at par, has an initial three-year life and
the borrower has the right to make extensions up to 1997.
 REUTER

Holiday Corp said the New Jersey
Casino Control Commission will rule April One on the company's
request for approval to proceed with its plan of
recapitalization.
    The Commission ruling is the final regulatory approval
needed.  The company said talks are proceeding smoothly with
its banks, and it plans to finalize the financing for the
recapitalization shortly.  It said assuming Commission
approval, it plans to pay the 65 dlr per share dividend
associated with the plan in April, with the exact timing
depending on the closing of the financing.
 Reuter


******BRITISH BANKS RESIST SIGNING MEXICO PACKAGE, SEEK MORE EQUITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - LLOYDS
Blah blah blah.



 said it expects to
earn six dlrs a share in 1987, up from 4.20 dlrs a share in
1986.
    The company said the 1986 net earnings were up 30 pct from
3.22 dlrs in 1985. Net asset value in 1986 rose 35 pct to 16.09
dlrs a share from 11.89 a year earlier, adjusted for a
three-for-two stock split.
 Reuter

Fruehauf Corp, which went private in
December through a leveraged buyout, said the predecessor
company had a 1986 loss of 60.9 mln dlrs compared to earnings
of 70.5 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Sales of the predecessor company were 2.68 billion dlrs
compared to 2.56 billion dlrs in 1985, including the sales by
the operations which are divestiture candidates.
    Fruehauf said in connection with the buyout acquisition,
the predecessor company incurred about 97 mln dlrs in expenses
charged against 1986 operations.
    In addition to the direct expenses, Fruehauf said operating
results were adversely affected by an unquantifiable amount due
to the disruption related to a proxy contest and attempted
hostile takeover which started in early 1986.
    Fruehauf said its board rescheduled the annual meeting to
June 18 from May 7 to allow for completion and distribution of
the 1986 results to shareholders.
 Reuter

Oriental Federal Savings Bank of
Humacao, Puerto Rico, said an initial public offering of
656,819 common shares is under way at 11.50 dlrs per share.
    The company issued a total of 1,075,000 shares in
converting from mutual form, with other shares sold in a
subscription offering.  Lead underwriter is &lt;Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc>.
 Reuter


******EC GRANTS EXPORT LICENCES 197,000 TONNES  FREE MARKET MAIZE, ZERO BARLEY - PARIS TRADERS
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 473,784 vs loss 489,257
    Revs 268,797 vs 81,725
    Avg shrs 9,245,247 vs 8,035,326
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net 1,512,534 vs loss 1,553,592
    Revs 1,448,310 vs 515,225
    Avg shrs 8,745,132 vs 7,619,863
 Reuter

Shr 33 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 13.0 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Sales 330.8 mln vs 249.7 mln
 Reuter


******IWC lifts 1986/87 world wheat, coarse grain estimate one mln tonnes to record 1,377 mln
Blah blah blah.



At least 14 people were injured and many
arrested in clashes during a one-day general strike called by
Ecuadorean workers to protest against austerity measures
imposed after a major earthquake on March 5.
    Interior Minister Luis Robles said the worst violence was
in Quito, where demonstrators threw rocks at a luxury hotel and
a number of banks.
    Over 80 people in eight cities were detained for stoning
police, attacking troops, damaging buildings and setting fire
to cars, he said. The casualty and damage toll is expected to
rise as detailed reports reach the capital from the provinces.
    Labour leaders said they shut down all of Ecuador's
industrial plants, but Labour Minister Jorge Egas said of the
country's 900 largest factories only 86 were closed, 32 were
partially working and the rest operating normally.
    The strike, called by leftist unions and declared illegal
by the government, was aimed at pressing the administration to
scrap an austerity program adopted on March 13 following an
earthquake that killed up to 1,000 people and caused an
estimated billion dlrs in damage.
 REUTER

 would
benefit from new banking capital adequacy rules proposed by the
Federal Reserve Board, Chairman Joseph Pinola said.
    "We are one of the few banks that would have an improved
position," Pinola said in an interview, noting First Interstate
has fewer off balance sheet liabilities than many other banks.
    Under the proposed rules, a bank's minimum capital
requirement would be determined by the assessed risk of their
assets, including off balance sheet liabilities that are not
currently taken into account.
    Currently, banks must retain a primary capital ratio of 5.5
pct.
    First Interstate reported a primary capital ratio of 6.14
pct at the end of 1986.
    Pinola said First Interstate has since raised that ratio,
however, to about 6.70 pct, through a recent preferred stock
offering and a 200-mln-dlr subordinated capital note offering
announced yesterday.
    First Interstate reported a relatively average return on
assets ratio of 0.68 at the end of 1986.
    Pinola said First Interstate's return on assets ratio will
improve to the 0.70-0.71 range at the end of the first quarter,
because 1986 year-end assets, at 55.4 billion dlrs, were
overestimated by about two billion dlrs.
    He said he is anxious to improve the return on assets ratio
further, but continued loan losses at First Interstate's Rocky
Mountain state banks continue to hold down profits.
    Pinola said its banks in other states are showing excellent
return on asset ratios, with its Arizona and Washington banks
running at about 1.30, its Oregon bank showing 1.00 and its
California bank at about 0.83.
 Reuter

Lead underwriter &lt;Goldman, Sachs and
Co> said an initial public offering of 58,750,000 shares of
&lt;Consolidated Rail Corp> common stock has been priced at 28.00
dlrs per share.
    The sale is the largest initial public offering ever.  All
of the shares are being sold by the U.S. government.  They
represent an 85 pct interest in Conrail, the large northeastern
freight-carrying railroad.  Employees of Conrail retain the
other 15 pct.
    The shares will be traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the ticker symbol &lt;CRR> starting this morning.
    Initially, underwriters had said in proxy materials that
the shares were expected to be priced at 22 to 26 dlrs per
share.  But last week they raised the expected range to 26 to
29 dlrs per share.
    Conrail was formed during the 1970's from Penn Central
Railroad and other financially-distressed northeastern rail
carriers.
    The offering will raise about 1.65 billion dlrs before
underwriting fees.  Previously, the largest initial public
offering in dollar terms had been Henley Group Inc's &lt;HENG> 1.3
billion dlr spinoff from Allied Corp &lt;ALD> last year.
    Other lead underwriters are First Boston Inc &lt;FBC>, Merrill
Lynch and Co Inc &lt;MER>, Salomon Inc &lt;SB> and American Express
Co's &lt;AXP> Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.
    Fifty-two mln shares are being sold in the U.S. through a
syndicate of 148 underwriters and 6,750,000 overseas through a
27-member syndicate.
 Reuter


******AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL INC 2ND QTR SHR PROFIT 32 CTS VS LOSS 95 CTS
Blah blah blah.



New Generation Foods Inc said 17
warrant holders have exercised 1,032,384 warrants, acquiring
2,064,768 New Generation shares for 1,032,384 dlrs.
    The company said president Jerome S. Flum and Flum
Partners, which he controls, acquired 307,138 and 940,680
shares respectively through the exercise of the warrants.  It
said it also issued another 44,268 common shares on the
exercise of 132,812 warrants in a separate non-cash exchange.
    New Generation now has about 161,000 warrants still
outstanding.
    New Generation also said it has retained Howard Saltzman,
Flum Partners limited partner, to serve as a consultant for one
year.
    It said Saltzer will work closely with Flum and play a
major role in the day-to-day management of New Generation.
 Reuter


****** German March cost of living 0.2 pct below year ago (Feb 0.5 pct below) - official
Blah blah blah.




******BRITISH BANKS SEEK MORE EQUITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS ON MEXICO PACKAGE - LLOYDS
Blah blah blah.



New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 341,000 in the
week ended March 14 from 340,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,454,000 in the week ended
March 7, the latest period for which that figure was available.
    That was up from 2,507,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter

Neoax Inc said it has
agreed to sell the assets and business of its Novatronics
Division to Veeco Instruments Inc &lt;VEE> for 20 mln dlrs.
    Neoax said it expects a gain of about nine mln dlrs on the
transaction which is expected to becomleted during the second
quarter, adding the gain will be sheltered by its tax loss
carryforwards.
    Novatronics makes military-specification power supplies and
avionics components for various prime government defense
contractors. It had 1986 sales of 21 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

U.S. Treasury Assistant Secretary
David Mulford said he foresaw substantial net new commercial
loans to the major debtor countries in 1987.
    In testimony before a Senate banking subcommittee, Mulford
said he based this prediction on progress in talks between
banks and Mexico, Chile, and Venezuela, as well as progress in
negotiations with the Philippines.
    "These agreements, together with others for Argentina and
we hope Brazil," should assure substantial new loans this year,
Mulford said.
    Mulford defended the U.S. strategy for handling the debt
crisis and added additional steps, like development by
commercial banks of a menu of options to support debtor reform,
can be undertaken.
    That particular development would maintain broad bank
participation in new financing packages to debtors.
    Mulford stessed that greater flexibility in devising new
money packages may be essential for future bank syndications.
    "The commercial banks have much to gain from taking the
lead themselves to develop the kinds of ideas that help assure
the concerted lending process works," he said.
    In particular, Mulford said banks and debtor nations will
increasingly move toward repricing, retiming or rescheduling
agreements as an alternative to new loans.
    "The benefits of such approaches may be substantial and
may, in the right circumstances, be easier to achieve than new
money packages," he said.
    But for debtors with substantial financing needs, new
lending will still be necessary, he said.
    Mulford rejected congressional ideas for a debt facility as
being far too costly to creditor governments, and ultimately
taxpayers.
    Mulford urged further development of debt-equity swaps as
well as broader mutual funds for conversion into equity.
    As in the past, Mulford said progress must be founded on
economic reforms and sufficient new financing for debtors both
to support those reforms and generate new growth.
 Reuter

Cray Research Inc said Los Alamos
National Laboratory in Los Alamos, N.M. installed a Cray
X-MP/416 supercomputer valued at about 22 mln dlrs.
    It said the system was installed in the fourth quarter of
1986 as a lease and converted to a purchase in the first
quarter of 1987.
 Reuter

Shr 15 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 900,334 vs 482,705
    Revs 28.7 mln vs 18.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,195,527 vs 4,551,105
    Shr 51 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 2,713,912 vs 1,402,696
    Revs 98.7 mln vs 67.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,369,833 vs 4,551,105
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split
effecitive March 2, 1987.
    Weston said earnings for the firstg quarter will be about
flat due to the recent substantial addition of management and
technical staff and an expansion in the Southeastern and
Northwestern U.S.
    The company said full-year earnings and revenues are
expected to be higher.  The company today reported 1986
earnings of 2,713,912 dlrs, up from 1,402,696 dlrs in 1985, and
revenues of 98.7 mln dlrs, up from 67.9 mln dlrs.
    Weston earned 492,000 dlrs in last year's first quarter.
 Reuter

United Water Resources
Inc said it formed a venture with Base Ten Systems Inc's Base
Ten Telecom Inc to sell a telephone-based automatic meter
reading system to the utility industry.
    United Water Resources, parent of Hackensack and Spring
Valley Water Cos, said it will provide marketing and customer
support for Base Ten's automatic meter reading system.
    The company said it will install the system for 168,000
commercial and residential customers this spring.
 Reuter

Shr loss six cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 89,478 vs loss 178,507
    Revs 3,894,844 vs 1,964,141
    Avg shrs 1,582,790 vs one mln
    Year
    Shr loss 43 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Net loss 534,099 vs loss 811,836
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 5,167,573
    Avg shrs 1,251,337 vs one mln
 Reuter

Brazil today suggested to its foreign
bank creditors an extension of short-term credit lines for 60
days until May 31, a spokesman for the Central Bank said.
    He said that with the move, called a "standstill"
arrangement, Brazil was only trying to avoid difficulties in
paying its 109 billion dlrs of debt in the future.
    The spokesman told Reuters that Brazil's suggestion will be
communicated by telex to Brazil's 700 bank creditors. He
declined to give details of the statement, but said Central
Bank president Francisco Gros was seeking a 60-day extension of
short-term credit lines from its commercial bank creditors.
    The amount of these credit lines totals 15 billion dlrs,
and deadline for payment is set for March 31.
    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said in a television
interview that it was "absolutely important" for Brazil and its
creditors to renew the short-term credit lines, as Brazil must
finance its exports.
    "If these credit lines were cut, we would face difficulties
to honour our foreign debt in the future," Funaro said.
    "There is evidently a common interest in the matter," he
said.
    Funaro said, however, he was told creditors understand
Brazil's position and do not wish to make the negotiation for
the renewal of the credit lines more difficult.
    Funaro explained that Brazil's suggestion is part of its
demands "before the need to renew the mechanisms of loans in the
world."
    He said that the current negotiating process is "very
complex and complicated," mentioning cases of countries which
had to wait some 10 months before getting a reply from
creditors.
    "We are not interested in confrontation, but we would like
the loan mechanisms to show that the crisis belongs to both
sides," Funaro said.
    Funaro denied rumours that he had offered his resignation
to President Jose Sarney.
    "Who decides whether to keep or dismiss his ministers is the
president. Everything else is nothing but speculation," he said.
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68-
billion dlrs of debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
 REUTER

The price of gold bullion is likely
to rise in the second half of the year on increased private
investor demand, West German analysts said.
    Gold could rise as high as 500 dlrs per ounce later this
year, said Peter Witte, director of Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale's trading division, after a presentation by the
U.S. Mint to promote its gold and silver Eagle series coins.
    "A lot will depend on oil prices and developments on stock
exchanges," Witte said, adding he saw gold positioned for
further rises once it breaks out above 450 dlrs.
    Gold was fixed this morning in London at 411.30 dlrs.
    Despite current strong interest in gold mine stocks, many
investors still want to buy physical gold, Witte said.
    Interest in gold mine stocks may also wane if stock
exchange rallies under way in many countries start to waver.
    Hermann Strohmeyer, vice president of Commerzbank AG's
foreign exchange trading and treasury department, said gold is
poised to rise to 460 to 470 dlrs an ounce in the second half
of this year.
    The price is unlikely to fall much below 380 or 390 dlrs an
ounce, and probably will continue in a range between 380 and
430 dlrs in the first half of this year, he said.
 Reuter

French operators have requested licences
to export 675,500 tonnes of maize, 245,000 tonnes of barley,
22,000 tonnes of soft bread wheat and 20,000 tonnes of feed
wheat at today's European Community tender, traders said.
    Rebates requested ranged from 127.75 to 132.50 European
Currency Units a tonne for maize, 136.00 to 141.00 Ecus a tonne
for barley and 134.25 to 141.81 Ecus for bread wheat, while
rebates requested for feed wheat were 137.65 Ecus, they said.
 Reuter

Computer Associates
International Inc said its board has declared a two-for-one
stock split, payable May Seven, record April Seven.
 Reuter

The French government will present to
parliament a major bill within two months to overhaul the Paris
stock market, economics and finance minister Edouard Balladur
said.
    Balladur told an Economist conference that on the product
side, a series of new contracts, including share options and
forward contracts in European Currency Units (ECUs), would be
introduced shortly for trading on the Paris bourse.
    The scope of the new bill, however, was to transform the
organisation of equity trading, allowing participants both to
perform a banking role and to trade in equities, he said.
 Reuter

Thermo Process Systems Inc said
it completed its purchase of Thermo Process Services Inc, a
subsidiary of Thermo Electron Corp &lt;TMO>.
    Thermo Process Systems said it issued 2,590,000 shares of
its common stock to Thermo Electron in connection with the
sale.
 Reuter


******MULFORD SAYS GERMANY, JAPAN HAVE NOT YET LIVED UP TO INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENTS
Blah blah blah.



Ford Motor Co neared General Motors
Corp last year in executive bonuses, while it topped the larger
automaker in profit sharing payments to workers.
    Ford, which outstripped GM in earnings last year, said its
1986 incentive bonuses totaled 167 mln dlrs, slightly behind
General Motors' 169.1 mln.
    General Motors, however, did not make any profit-sharing
payments to its workers, while Ford made a profit-sharing
distribution of 372 mln dlrs, or 2,100 dlrs per worker.
    General Motors, which saw its earnings drop to 2.94 billion
dlrs from 1985's 3.99 billion, said the 1986 profit was "not
sufficient to generate a payout under the profit-sharing
formula."
    Ford, which earned 3.28 billion dlrs in 1986, up from 2.51
billion in 1985, said it "recognizes employees' efforts and
fulfills its commitment to them in many ways, including
profit-sharing."
 Reuter

RCM Technologies Inc said its
contract to provide engineering personnel to the Sikorsky
Aircraft division of United Technologies Corp &lt;UTX> has been
increased by 4,300,000 dlrs to 11.0 mln dlrs.
    It said the contract runs through the end of 1987.   
 Reuter

Less than two months after First
Interstate Bancorp withdrew its bold attempt to buy BankAmerica
Corp, Chairman Joseph Pinola is still looking for a good buy,
but he is also looking at ways to avoid being bought.
    In a wide-ranging interview, Pinola said he's looking for
ways to improve profitability and capital between now and 1991,
"so as to resist any potential look at us...to maintain our
independence, if possible."
    In 1991 federal regulatory changes will allow the major
East Coast banks to buy banks in California.
    First Interstate, the fourth largest California bank, and
the nineth largest nationwide, owns 24 banks in 12 western
states and has franchise operations in four additional states.
    Bank industry sources say it is an attractive target for
large U.S. or foreign banks, looking to quickly move into the 
lucrative California market and the West Coast region.
    While declining specifics on his corporate strategy, when
asked if acquisitions will be part of the plan, Pinola replied,
"That's undoubtedly a fair statement...it would be almost naive
not to think that."
    Pinola characterized his acquisition strategy as
"opportunistic".
    He said he will look for banks in management trouble that
he can get at a bargain, then add management to restore
profitability, or for banks in states where First Interstate
already operates, then cut costs by combining resources.
    The exception, he said, would be Texas, where he said most
of the banks are already well managed, but might be purchased
at a discount because of the depressed regional economy.
    Pinola declined comment on what circumstances might move
him to rekindle his bid for BankAmerica, saying only, "We
continue to monitor and look at a lot of things and a lot of
people continue to monitor and look at us."
    Banking analysts, however, consider another First
Interstate bid at BankAmerica a long shot, not likely to happen
any time soon.
    Pinola called his decision last month to withdraw his 3.25
billion dlr bid at the nation's second largest bank, "a very,
very difficult decision."
    With that decision made, however, he acknowledged First
Interstate may now have a difficult time keeping its number
four position in the California banking community.
    "The competition in this state is tough," he said, noting
CityBank's recent purchase of 50 financial service branches
from Sears Roebuck company. "CityBank is moving rapidly to move
us down to fifth and Wells Fargo down to fourth," he said.
    Outside California, Pinola acknowledged that Security
Pacific Corp, with its recent acquisitions in Arizona,
Washington and Oregon, is quickly becoming a regional
competitor in areas where First Interstate has long dominated.
    "Security is, has been and continues to be a highly
profitable and obviously well managed company," he said.
    He added, however, First Interstate, at the moment, has the
advantages of having owned and managed regional banks longer
and has the recognition advantage of having given its regional
banks a common name.
    Pinola said while its coastal state banks are in good
financial condition, First Interstate continues to sustain
serious loan losses in its Rocky Mountain states, where energy,
real estate and agriculture dominate the economy.
    Asked if he thought loan losses in those areas had peaked,
he said, "I don't think it has bottomed out, because I think
most of the problems are real estate-related and the real
estate problems are going to be with us for several years."
    Pinola said another failing economic sector, agriculture in
the Midwest, has slowed expansion of First Interstate's
franchise operation.
    First Interstate has 42 franchise banks that offer First
Interstate financial services in ten states.
    While a year ago he was considering taking his franchise
operation east of the Mississippi River, Pinola said because
most of the franchise banks are now in the West, expansion into
the Midwest must come first.
    Calling the franchise system, "moderately profitable,"
Pinola said, "It is going to take a rejuvenation of the
agriculture sector for us to commence franchising at the speed
we were generating before the last year or two."
    On the banking industry in general, Pinola said he thinks
1987 will be another bad year for loan losses, with only banks
with minimal holdings in real estate able to improve profits.
 Reuter

Rogers Corp said first quarter
earnings will be up significantly from earnings of 114,000 dlrs
or four cts share for the same quarter last year.
    The company said it expects revenues for the first quarter
to be "somewhat higher" than revenues of 32.9 mln dlrs posted
for the year-ago quarter.
    Rogers said it reached an agreement for the sale of its
molded switch circuit product line to a major supplier.
    The sale, terms of which were not disclosed, will be
completed early in the second quarter, Rogers said.
 Reuter


******FRENCH UNEMPLOYMENT RISES TO SEASONALLY ADJUSTED 2.65 MLN IN FEBRUARY - OFFICIAL
Blah blah blah.



The European Community Commission said
it had approved the creation of Himont, a company in which
Montedison SpA &lt;MONI.MI> of Italy and Hercules Inc &lt;HPC.N) are
major shareholders, after requesting changes in the two
partners' plans for the venture.
    Twenty pct of the capital of Himont, in which Montedison
and Hercules originally planned to take 50 pct stakes, has been
floated publicly and marketing and production agreements have
been modified on the Commission's advice, it said.
    Himont, which is incorporated in the U.S., Groups the two
firms' assets in the polypropylene sector.
    The modified agreements include the abandoning by Hercules
and Montedison of all their direct activities within the EC in
the downstream market of Himont.
    The EC authority said the modifications meant that the
creation of Himont did not appear to lead to restrictive
coordination of activities between Hercules and Montedison, nor
did their respective market shares give them a dominant
position.
    The Commission must approve such link-ups between
competitors under EC competition rules.
 REUTER

MCO Holdings Inc said its
shareholders and those of MAXXAM Group Inc have approved the
proposed merger of the two companies.
    MCO said one MAXXAM shareholder has filed an objection to
the proposed settlement of shareholder actions related to the
merger in the Delaware Court of Chancery. A hearing on the
settlement proposal is scheduled for March 27... The merger is
subject to court approval of the settlement as well as to other
conditions.
 Reuter

Standard Oil Co said British
Petroleum Co Plc's proposed offer of 70 dlrs a share for the 45
pct of Standard's stock not held by BP is being referred to a
special committee of the company's board.
    This committee, which is composed of the independent,
non-exective directors of the company, was formed in April 1986
for the purpose of monitoring the relationship between Standard
Oil and BP.
    Standard said the group will consider BP's offer in due
course noting the committee has retained the First Boston Corp
and Cravath Swaine and Moore as advisers.               
 Reuter

Qtly div five cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May 29
    NOTE: Prior payment adjusted for two-for-one stock split
declared recently.
 Reuter

Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc
said an initial public offering of 800,000 common shares is
underway at 15 dlrs per share through sole underwriter &lt;Smith
Barney, Harris Upham and Co>.
 Reuter

The French government will present to
parliament a major bill within two months to overhaul the Paris
stock market, economics and finance minister Edouard Balladur
said.
    Balladur told an Economist conference that on the product
side, a series of new contracts, including share options and
forward contracts in European Currency Units (ECUs), would be
introduced shortly for trading on the Paris bourse.
    The scope of the new bill, however, was to transform the
organisation of equity trading, allowing participants both to
perform a banking role and to trade in equities, he said.
    "Currently, the French market is based on the Napoleonic
principle of separation of equity trading and banking. This
principle has become a dividing, and therefore a weakening,
factor for the market," Balladur said.
    He said under the planned new rules, stock brokers,
currently very specialised and undercapitalised, would be free
to link up with powerful financial institutions after a
five-year transition period.
    Stock brokerages would be subject to legislation similar to
that in the U.K. And U.S., He said, adding the Paris market
would actively attempt to attract foreign securities houses.
    Balladur said the French securities market had enjoyed
strong growth in the past 10 years, with new share and bond
issues totalling 430 billion French francs in 1986, compared
with 53 billion in 1976.
    New share issues alone totalled 63 billion francs in 1986,
up 230 pct from the 1985 level of 19 billion francs, he said.
    Total market capitalisation stood at 3,200 billion francs
at end-1986, compared with 400 billion 10 years earlier, while
stock and bond trades were valued at 2,200 billion francs last
year against 56 billion in 1976, he said.
    Balladur, who also had private talks with U.K. Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher and Chancellor of the Exchequer
Nigel Lawson, said his government was also preparing a bill to
liberalise the French insurance sector.
    Under the proposed rules, an independent regulatory
insurance commission will be set up. The commission will be
endowed with powers similar to those of a body set up earlier
to monitor the banking sector, Balladur said.
    He said the new bill would also aim to adapt insurance
regulation to take account of the ever-closer integration of
all areas of finance.
 REUTER

Mobil Corp said it will spend over 30
mln dlrs to upgrade a gasoline-producing unit at its Beaumont,
Texas, refinery.
    It said the unit is a catalytic reformer, which converts
low-octane components of gasoline into high-octane components
for use in Super Unleaded gasoline.
    The company said the modernization will allow the unit to
regenerate catalysts on a continuous basis without shutdown.
Currently, it must be shut twice a year.  The unit produces
46,000 barrels of gasoline components a year.  Construction
will start late this year, with completion set for mid-1989.
 Reuter

Contel Corp said it has agreed in
principle to acquire &lt;Walker County Telephone Co> of LaFayette,
Ga., for an undisclosed amount of common stock.
    Walker has 7,600 customers in northeast Georgia.
    The company said the agreement is subject to approval by
regulatory agencies, both boards and Walker shareholders.
 Reuter

Bank of Boston Corp expects first
quarter earnings will range between 90 cts and one dlr a share,
up from 79 cts a share last year, Chairman William Brown said.
    He told shareholders the company has a 190 mln dlr exposure
in loans to Brazil if that country defaults on its debt
payments. If a default does occur, it would first quarter
earnings by about five cts a share, which would bring the
bank's in the lower level of the estimated range, he added.
    Brown noted the 1986 first quarter net included a 17 cts
gain from loan restructurings which will not appear this year.
    Brown said the bank's other nonperforming assets, not
including its Brazilian exposure, could rise to over 700 mln
dlrs at the end of this quarter compared with 669 mln dlrs a
year earlier and 614 mln dlrs at the end of 1986.
    He said the increase includes all of its Equadorian loans
which he expects will be ultimately repaid after the company
recovers from an earthquake earlier this year.
    Brown said the increase also includes some Mexican and
Venezuelan loans as those nations are also facing credit
problems.
    Brown said the Bank of Boston remains "cautiously optimitic
about the full year even if our Brazilian exposure were to be
on nonaccural all year." In 1986, the bank earned 3.69 dlrs a
share, or 232.8 mln dlrs on net interest revenues of 1.08
billion dlrs.
    President Ira Stepanian told the shareholders's meeting the
bank's total loans to Argentina, Brazil and Mexico totaled 875
mln dlrs at the end of 1986, 37 pct of its primary capital.
Brazil loans total 300 mln dlrs, of which about two-thirds are
affected by its suspension of interest payments on its medium
and long term foreign debt.
 Reuter

British Petroleum Co PLC's
announcement that its U.S. subsidiary intends to tender for the
45 pct of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD> it does not already own,
catapulted U.S. oil stocks sharply higher this morning, traders
and analysts said.
    "It raises the specter of additional consolidation in the
industry and that is what is boosting the other oils," analyst
Rosario Ilacqua of L.F. Rothschild said.
    Sanford Margoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers said "this
deal shows that British Petroleum, a conservative investor that
knows the oil business, is clearly confident in the U.S. oil
industry, and that shines well on the U.S. companies."
    Philips Petroleum &lt;P> gained 3/4 to 15-7/8, Occidental
Petroleum &lt;OXY> one to 34-5/8, USX Corp &lt;X>, with its Marathon
Oil Co unit, rose 1/2 to 28-3/8. Exxon &lt;XON> climbed one to
88-3/8, Mobil &lt;MOB> one to 50-1/4, Atlantic Richfield &lt;ARC>
3-1/8 to 80-1/2, Amoco &lt;AN> 1-7/8 to 84-1/8, and Amerada Hess
one to 33-5/8. BP gained 2-3/8 to 59-3/4.
    Both analysts said the rise in Standard's price this
morning to above the proposed tender price of 70 dlrs a share,
is an indication that investors expect the bid to be sweetened.
Standard gained 6-3/4 to 71-5/8.
    The analysts cited Royal Dutch/Shell Group's &lt;RD> &lt;SC> bid
for Shell Oil Co, which was sweetened before its successful
conclusion.
    Margoshes said the BP action "is an articulation of the
underlying value of oil companies in the marketplace." But he
expressed skepticism that this will necessarily lead to
heightened merger or buyout activity in the oil group.
 Reuter

,
41 pct owned by &lt;Hees International Corp>, said earnings and
cash flow will improve in 1987, even if oil and gas prices
remain at 1986 levels.
    The improvement will result from production increases,
lower taxes and royalties, reduced financing costs and from
operating efficiencies and downsizing put into place during
1986, the company said in the annual report.
    Norcen previously reported 1986 earnings, excluding a 20.1
mln dlr writeoff, declined by 58 pct to 50.0 mln dlrs from
119.7 mln dlrs in in 1985.
    Norcen's 1986 cash flow fell 10 pct to 204.9 mln dlrs from
228.9 mln dlrs in the prior year.
    It said the sharp decline in oil prices during 1986 was the
most significant factor for Norcen's reduced performance.
    "While financial results are far from the previous year's
record levels, it is clear that Norcen has withstood declining
prices and remains financially and operationally strong," Norcen
said. It did not give a specific 1987 profit forecast.
    The company said it is well positioned to capitalize on
profitable opportunities in its core business areas, and will
continue to invest to increase revenue and asset values.
 Reuter

Shr loss 97 cts
    Net loss 1,364,453
    Sales 737,971
    NOTE: Company in development stage.
 Reuter

Bally Manufacturing Corp said it has
elected Paul Johnson a vice president and named him chief
financial officer, replacing Donald Romans, who took early
retirement.
    Bally also said it has appointed Jerry Blumenshine,
formerly a vice president, treasurer to fill the position left
vacant by Johnson.
 Reuter


******FED SETS TWO BILLION DLR CUSTOMER REPURCHASE, FED SAYS
Blah blah blah.



Ricoh Corp, the U.S. unit
of Japan-based &lt;Ricoh Ltd>, said it merged Ricoh Systems Inc
into Ricoh Corp.
    The U.S. unit also purchased Ricoh Electronics Inc from the
parent company.
    The company said the reorganization unites the sales,
research and development, and manufacturing operations of all
the U.S. units.
 Reuter

Shr 43 cts vs 52 cts
    Shr diluted 41 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 1,916,000 vs 2,281,000
    Revs 32.6 mln vs 22.6 mln
 Reuter

The Commerce Commission has approved
a proposed merger between &lt;Progressive Enterprises Ltd> and
&lt;Rainbow Corp Ltd>, Rainbow said in a statement.
    The merger involves the formation of a new company &lt;Astral
Pacific Corp Ltd> which will acquire all shares in both
companies on a one-for-one share exchange basis.
    Rainbow earlier this week lifted its stake in Progressive
to 52 pct from 44 pct. The statement said a new private
company, &lt;Transcapital Corp Ltd>, fully owned by Rainbow
directors Craig Heatley, Gary Lane and Ken Wikeley, will
purchase this stake for an undisclosed cash sum.
    The Commission has also approved Transcapital acquiring up
to 45 pct of Astral Pacific, Rainbow said.
    &lt;Brierley Investments Ltd>, which has been a frequent
critic of the merger, launched a full bid for Progressive at
4.20 N.Z. Dlrs a share last Monday.
 REUTER

Gross domestic product (GDP)
growth in 1987 is expected to grow by between 1.5 and two pct,
up from one pct in 1986, the central bank said.
    The forecast compares with the one pct GDP growth forecast
made by the Treasury last October.
    Bank Negara also said in its annual report that gross
national product (GNP) is expected to grow by 3.5 to four pct,
after declining 7.3 pct in 1986.
    It said that a turnaround in investor confidence since last
November had been spurred by a moderate improvement in oil and
commodity prices and a rise in manufacturing exports.
    Growth in 1987 is expected to come from the anticipated
rise in export earnings if the industrialised countries sustain
their average GNP growth at 2.5 to three pct, it added.
    Bank Negara said its forecast assumes that crude oil will
average 15.50 dlrs a barrel, rubber at 210 cents a kilo, palm
oil at 850 ringgit a tonne, tin at 17 ringgit a kilo and a rise
of 12 pct in manufacturing exports.
    It said Malaysia's international terms of trade will turn
around to rise by two pct in 1987 after declining 12 pct in
1986 and five pct in 1985.
    "In 1987, income will be higher, private consumer spending
is likely to recover and expand... The budget will remain under
strict control... The resource gap in the government's finances
on current account will be bridged over the near term," Bank
Governor Jaafar Hussein said in the report.
    The current account deficit is expected to narrow to 1.19
billion ringgit in 1986 or 1.8 pct of GNP from 1.79 billion or
2.5 pct of the GNP the previous year.
    The bank forecasts the inflation rate will increase by 1.5
pct, after its 0.7 pct rise in 1986.
 REUTER

The price of gold bullion is likely
to rise in the second half of the year on increased private
investor demand, West German analysts said.
    Gold could rise as high as 500 dlrs per ounce later this
year, said Peter Witte, director of Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale's trading division, after a presentation by the
U.S. Mint to promote its gold and silver Eagle series coins.
    "A lot will depend on oil prices and developments on stock
exchanges," Witte said, adding he saw gold positioned for
further rises once it breaks out above 450 dlrs.
    Gold was fixed this morning in London at 411.30 dlrs.
    Despite current strong interest in gold mine stocks, many
investors still want to buy physical gold, Witte said.
    Interest in gold mine stocks may also wane if stock
exchange rallies under way in many countries start to waver.
    Hermann Strohmeyer, vice president of Commerzbank AG's
foreign exchange trading and treasury department, said gold is
poised to rise to 460 to 470 dlrs an ounce in the second half
of this year.
    The price is unlikely to fall much below 380 or 390 dlrs an
ounce, and probably will continue in a range between 380 and
430 dlrs in the first half of this year, he said.
 REUTER

Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay April Eight
    Record March 26
 Reuter

Qtrly div 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter

The St Lawrence Seaway between Lake
Ontario and Montreal is still scheduled to open for the
shipping season on March 31, a Seaway official said.
    The Great Lakes could have been open for traffic earlier
this month due to the mild Winter, but scheduled repairs to the
Welland Canal joining Lake Erie with Lake Ontario will keep
that section closed until the April 1 opening, she said.
    One lock system in the four-lock Soo Canal joining Lake
Superior with Huron was opened on the morning of March 22, but
only three commercial vessels have been locked through so far,
according to an U.S. Army Corps of Engineers official.
    The Soo Canal is currently only open for daylight vessel
movement, with 24 hour movement allowed beginning March 29, she
added.
 Reuter

A large Dutch animal feed compounder
will begin formal legal proceedings early next month as a test
case on the way the EC grain co-responsibility levy is applied,
a spokesman for Dutch grain and feed trade association, Het
Comite, told Reuters.
    Het Comite has been co-ordinating national actions against
alleged distortions caused by currency factors in the levy and,
since December, has lodged more than 80 individual cases with
the Business Appeal Court in The Hague.
    The basic complaint is that the levy does not take account
of currency cross-rates of exchange and therefore compounders
in countries with strong currencies may have to pay more in
their own currency than is paid to them by producers in another
country.
    Het Comite has obtained a temporary agreement that
companies can pay the amount they receive toward the levy
rather than paying a full guilder amount to the Dutch grain
commodity board.
    The spokesman said Het Comite will provide financial and
legal backing to the test case in the Business Administration
Court in the Hague. Oral proceedings are to begin on April 10.
    The spokesman said Het Comite finally selected the company
for the test case from among the 80 lodged "because the bill
(the firm) received from the commodity board for payment of the
levy contained significant currency distortions and involved
grain from a wide variety of origins." The name of the company
is not being made public.
    The Administration Court is not expected to make a final
ruling on the case in the near future. The Het Comite spokesman
said it was very likely it would refer questions to the Appeal
Court in Luxembourg, and "as a result it could easily be another
nine to 12 months before the matter is finally resolved."
    Meanwhile, the actions by Dutch animal feed compounders are
putting pressure on the commodity board to urge the Dutch
government to follow through on earlier statements and seek a
complete review in Brussels of the way in which the levy is
collected, the spokesman said.
    Het Comite, as a member of FEFAC, the association of
European animal feed manufacturers, is also a party to actions
protesting the whole levy in the Luxembourg appeal court.
 Reuter

ASTRONET Corp, which is jointly
owned by &lt;Mitsubishi Corp> and &lt;Stromberg-Carlson Corp>  said
it entered into three separate agreements to supply cellular
telephone systems in Roanoke, Va.; Montgomery, Ala.; and San
Angelo, Texas.
 Reuter

Atlantic Research Corp said its
propulsion division won a contract valued at 54 mln dlrs from
the missiles unit of LTV Corp's &lt;QLTV> LTV Missiles and
Electronics Group.
    The contract authorizes the fifth year increment of a
multiyear contract to make solid-propellant rocket motors for
the U.S. Army's Multiple Launch Rocket System, the company
said.
 Reuter

Thomas and Betts Corp said it
filed a patent infringement suit against three companies in
connection with the manufacture and sale of its 50 Position
Transition "D" Subminiature IDC electronic connectors.
    The company said the suit was filed in U.S. District Court
for the District of Delaware. Named in the suit were &lt;Carrot
Components Corp>, &lt;ODU-Kontact GmbH and Co> and &lt;KG and G and H
Technologies Inc>, it said.
    Thomas and Betts said it is seeking an injunction to
prevent the future sale of the connectors, as well as damages.
 Reuter

Ford Motor Credit Co, a unit of Ford
Motor Co, is offering in the domestic debt market 100 mln New
Zealand dlrs of floating-rate notes due 1990, said sole manager
Bear, Stearns and Co.
    The initial rate for the notes will be set on April 15 at
200 basis points below the 90-day New Zealand bank bill rate.
After that, the rate will be reset quarterly.
    Non-callable to maturity, the issue pays quarterly and is
rated A-1 by Moody's and AA-minus by S and P. Underwriters said
floaters denominated in a foreign currency are a new wrinkle on
Wall Street.
 Reuter

Shr profit 61 cts vs loss 45 cts
    Net profit 3,568,000 vs loss 2,598,000
    Revs 34.6 mln vs 31.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,861,000 vs 5,776,000
    Year
    Shr profit 56 cts vs loss 32 cts
    Net profit 3,374,000 vs loss 1,759,000
    Revs 132.0 mln vs 131.6 mln
    NOTE: 1985 quarter net includes 665,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he expected the U.S. Trade deficit to fall by 15 billion to 20
billion dlrs in 1987.
    Commenting on the deficit during an interview on Cable News
Network, Baker said "I think you're going to see a 15 to 20
billion dlr reduction this year." The deficit was 170 billion
dlrs in 1986.
    Baker noted that the benefits of a weaker currency take 12
to 18 months to affect the trade balance, and said it is now 18
months since the Plaza agreement to lower the dollar's value.
            
 Reuter

 turnover in the
United States will rise to about 2.6 billion dlrs in the
current year to end September from 2.2 billion in 1985/86,
management board chairman Karlheinz Kaske said.
    He told the annual meeting 80 pct of last year's sales came
from products made in the U.S.. He added Siemens was as
interested as U.S. Authorities in reducing the massive trade
deficit and calming down trade relations.
    "But we would show no understanding if this (trade deficit
reduction) was attempted through means incompatible with the
principle of free world trade," Kaske said.
    Siemens has been the subject of pressure by U.S.
Telecommunications authorities to limit its access to the U.S.
Market for digital telephone switching equipment.
    The Federal Communications Commission announced in December
it was starting an enquiry into the blocking of free access to
the telecommunications market by foreign firms, with officers
saying reciprocal access was not available to U.S. Firms
abroad.
    For years Siemens was the only supplier of public switching
stations to the Bundespost, the German federal post office.
Regulatory authorities in 1982 opened Bundespost contracts to
tenders from other domestic and foreign suppliers.
    But foreign authorities have complained that too many
restrictions to overseas suppliers still remain.
    Kaske said neither Siemens nor the Bundespost could be held
responsible for the U.S. Trade deficit and noted the U.S. Was
still achieving substantial surpluses in trade with West
Germany in the electrical and telecommunications sector.
    The Bundespost is far more open to supplies from abroad
than telephone companies in the U.S. Japan or France, he added.
 Reuter

F.W. Dodge, a division of Mcgraw-Hill
Inc &lt;MPH>, said that contracting for new construction fell four
pct in February to an annualized rate of 227.6 billion dlrs.
    Construction fell three pct in January, Dodge said.
    Dodge reported that nonresidential building declined four
pct to an annualized rate of 74.5 billion dlrs, residential
building rose five pct to an annualized rate of 121.6 billion
dlrs and nonbuilding construction declined 27 pct to an
annualized rate of 31.5 billion dlrs.
     For the year to date, Dodge reported 1987's unadjusted
total of contracting for new construction fell four pct to 30.4
billion dlrs.
    Nonresidential building declined seven pct to an unadjusted
10.5 billion dlrs, residential building rose two pct to an
unadjusted 14.9 billion dlrs and nonbuilding construction
declined 11 pct to an unadjusted 5.0 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

The Bank of Spain provided 1,145 billion
pesetas in assistance funds which bankers said reflected fears
of fresh increases in overnight rates.
    The daily auction was the biggest of the year and comes
after the previous record set last June 6 of 1,240 billion
pesetas.
    A spokesman for one of Spain top five banks said higher
overnight call money rates were expected in the short term in
view of disappointing money supply figures for February.
    The M-4 money supply, measured as liquid assets in public
hands, rose 16.7 pct last month against 8.1 pct in January and
compared with this year's eight pct target. Money supply growth
was 11.4 pct last year.
    The central bank on Tuesday raised overnight rates by a
quarter of a percentage point to 14 pct on demand for 746
billion pesetas. Rates stood at 12.1 pct at the start of the
year and have been increased to drain liquidity on rising
demand for funds. "The policy is proving counter-productive and
rates will have to come down in the long-term," the bank
spokesman said in reply to Reuters enquiries.
    He said higher rates were fuelling an influx of short-term
speculative capital from abroad.
    "At least 800 mln dlrs of current excess liquidity in the
system is convertible pesetas from West Germany and other
countries with much lower rates," he said.
 REUTER

Colonial American Bankshares Corp
said it met with the dissident shareholder group Colonial
American Shareholders Committee to consider a settlement to
their dispute that would give the group representation on the
Colonial board, but the talks broke down.
    The company said it does not want a proxy contest, but if
the committee presents nominees for election as directors at
the April 27 annual meeting, Colonial will take "all
appropriate steps" to win.
    The company said "There was disagreement on several issues,
including a demand by the committee for reimbursement by the
corporation of approximately 275,000 dlrs in exepnses incurred
by the committee.  The board felt it was inappropriate to
reimburse the committee for any of its expenses."
    The group owns under 15 pct of Colonial stock.  Colonial
has nominated a slate of four directors for election at the
annual meeting.
 Reuter


******TREASURY'S MULFORD SAYS G-6 HAS NO CURRENCY TARGET ZONES, RANGES
Blah blah blah.



Walt Disney Co Ltd is issuing a 60 mln
Australian dlr eurobond due May 7, 1990 with a 14-1/2 pct
coupon and priced at 101-3/8 pct, Warburg Securities said as
lead manager.
    The non-callable bonds will be issued in denominations of
1,000 Australian dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg.
    Gross fees of 1-1/2 pct comprise one pct for selling and
1/2 pct for management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

Libyan troops are hastily evacuating
their last important stronghold in northern Chad, leaving the
key desert oasis undefended against advancing Chad government
troops, military and diplomatic sources said.
    They said a Libyan force of some 3,000 men was abandoning
the oasis of Faya-Largeau but added that severe sand storms
across Chad could be delaying the pull out and an expected
government strike on the town.
    Swirling clouds of sand, which have closed the capital of
N'Djamena to commercial flights for two days, have sharply
reduced visibility and made it difficult to determine the exact
situation around Faya, French military officials said.
    The hurried Libyan evacuation, which started yesterday
morning, follows the capture on Sunday of Libya's best-defended
and vitally important air base at Ouadi Doum, 145 kms (90
miles) northeast of Faya.
    The fall of Ouadi Doum, which Chad said cost 1,269 Libyan
lives, deprived Libya of its only hard surface runway in Chad
capable of taking Soviet-made bombers and transport planes and
left Faya-Largeau isolated and encircled by government troops.
    Libyan forces are reported to have blown up stocks of fuel
and ammunition on Tuesday night before starting to flee
northwards towards the Tibesti mountain region, which adjoins
Libya's southern border.
 Reuter

Stone Container Corp said it has
elected to redeem 200 mln dlrs of convertible debt.
    The paperboard and packaging producer said the debt
consists of the entire outstanding principal amount of its
6-3/4 pct convertible subordinated debentures due April 15,
2011, and all of its outstanding series C cumulative
convertible exchangeable preferred shares, both issued in the
principal amount of 100 mln dlrs each.
    Stone said April 10 is the redemption date for the
convertible debentures and April 27 is the redemption date for
the series C preferred.
    Stone Container said the convertible debentures' redemption
price is 1067.50 dlrs plus accrued interest of 32.81 dlrs for a
total of 1100.31 dlrs for each 1,000 dlrs prinicipal amount of
the debentures. Interest on the debentures will stop accruing
on and after its redemption date, the company said.
    Stone Container added that the series C preferred's
redemption price is 53.15 dlrs plus accrued and unpaid
dividends of 12 cts for a total of 53.27 dlrs a share.
Dividends on the shares will stop accruing on and after their
redemption date as well, Stone Container said.
    Stone Container said shareholders also have the right to
convert any or all of the debt into common shares at the
conversion price of 56 dlrs a common share, or about 17.857
shares for each 1,000 dlrs of debentures ,and .893 shares for
each series C share.
    The company said the conversion right will terminate after
1700 EST April 9 for the debentures and 1700 EST April 13 for
the series C.
    Stone said that those electing to convert their holdings to
common shares, becoming holders of record by May 22, will be
entitled to the 20 cts per share quarterly cash dividend
payable June 12, as well as the additional shares from the
previously announced two-for-one stock split to be issued on
June 12.
 Reuter

The Executive Directors of the Islamic
Development Bank (IDB) approved a total of 115 mln dlrs of
trade and project financing loans to its member countries in
the first two days of its meetings here, a bank statement said.
    Two Turkish iron and steel companies were lent a total of
14.5 mln dlrs for modernisation projects to be paid over 10
years with a two-year grace period.
    Libya is to receive 8.9 mln dlrs for a plant to produce
concrete blocks, North Yemen 5.5 mln dlrs for roads and
Maldives 1.8 mln dlrs for school construction.
    The board approved a 4.2 mln dlrs loan to Benin for the
construction of the Cotonou port, to be repaid in 25 years with
a five year grace period, the statement said.
    The directors also approved 15 mln dlrs of loans each for
Turkey, Morocco and Jordan, 16 mln dlrs for Algeria, 10 mln
dlrs for South Yemen, six mln dlrs for Tunisia and 3.1 mln dlrs
for Malaysia to finance the import of commodities including
crude oil, petroleum products and basic computer components.
    The directors are expected to end their meetings later
today and the IBD Governors will start a two-day annual meeting
in Istanbul on Saturday.
 REUTER

Symbol Technologies Inc said it
has received an order worth over five mln dlrs to install its
LS-7000 hand-held laser scanners and related equipment in all
271 U.S. Toys "R" Us Inc &lt;TOY> stores by the end of calendar
1987.
 Reuter

Rabbit Software Corp said it
agreed in principle to merge with &lt;CTI Data Inc>, a privately
owned communications company.
    According to terms, CTI holders and employees will receive
200,000 shares of Rabbit stock and royalties on sales of CTI
Products. CTI will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Rabbit.
    The deal is subject to completion of a definitive merger
agreement, receipt of third party approvals and other
conditions, the company said.
 Reuter


******BANK OF BOSTON EXPECTS 1ST QTR EARNINGS FROM 90 CTS TO 1.00 DLRS/SHR VS 79 CTS
Blah blah blah.



USAir Group Inc said the U.S.
Department of Transportation has issued an order allowing it to
purchase and hold in a voting trust the 9,309,394 Piedmont
Aviation Inc shares USAir is seeking in its current 69 dlr per
share tender offer.
    The company said the new order supersedes an order issued
by the department last Friday that would have required USAir to
sell within one week of expiration of the tender any Piedmont
shares it held in excess of 51 pct of the Piedmont stock then
outstanding.
    The company said the 9,309,394 Piedmont shares, together
with the 2,292,599 Piedmont shares already owned by USAir,
constitute about 50.1 pct of Piedmont's shares on a
fully-diluted basius but about 61.0 pct of shares currently
outstanding.
    The shares are to be held in a voting trust pending the
department's review of USAir's application to obtain control of
Piedmont.
 Reuter

The release of U.K. February trade data
showing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376
mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopes
of an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.
    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, with
expectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750
mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharply
narrower than January's 527 mln deficit.
    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase Manhattan
Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.
    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weaker
morning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted index
against a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged from
yesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.
    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil trade
pattern would undermine international support for sterling,
which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.
Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begun
to doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending rates
to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.
    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.
    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current account
deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, Wroblewski said.
    Seasonally adjusted figures showed imports rose in February
to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.
    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.
    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips and
Drew said the faster rise in exports than imports would prove
partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast the
Chancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer
expenditure on imported goods.
    However, Warburg Securities economist Ian Harwood said his
firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficit
forecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billion
stg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.
    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goods
confirmed recent bullish surveys among members of the
Confederation of British Industry.
    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even if
January's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseas
goods and import-intensive stock building among manufacturers,
Harwood said.
    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2
point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worries
about the figures evaporated.
    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settling
to a steady 1.6050 about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher than
the European low of 1.5960.
    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in market
sentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.
    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market was
largely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that the
Conservative government's support was slipping.
    LONDON, March 26 - The Bank of England said it provided 15
mln stg in assistance to the money market this morning, buying
bank bills in band two at 9-13/16 pct.
    Earlier the Bank revised its money market liquidity
forecast from a flat position to a deficit of around 350 mln
stg.
 REUTER

Sandoz Corp, a U.S. Subsidiary of Sandoz
AG, is establishing a 50 mln dlr euro-commercial paper (CP)
program, Morgan Guaranty Ltd said as one of the dealers.
    The other dealer is Swiss Bank Corp International Ltd and
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York is issuing and paying
agent.
    Paper will have maturities between seven and 183 days and
will be issued in global and definitive form.
 REUTER

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he opposed a stock transactions tax proposed by House Speaker
Jim Wright, D-Tex, or other special taxes.
    "The stock transfer tax would be a particularly unfortunate
approach to take," Baker said in an interview with Cable News
Network.
    The United States has some of the most efficient capital
markets in the world and new taxes would impair efficiency, he
said.
 Reuter


******FOOTE MINERAL CO IN LETTER OF INTENT TO MERGE INTO RIO TINTO-ZINC
Blah blah blah.



Qtly div 44.5 cts vs 44.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter

Hong Kong recorded a 3.51 billion
H.K. Dlr deficit in February after a 2.54 billion dlr surplus
in January as imports climbed and exports slid, the Census and
Statistics Department said.
    The deficit compared with a deficit of 1.76 billion dlrs in
February 1986.
    Imports rose to 24.12 billion dlrs, up 2.6 pct from
January's 23.52 billion dlrs and 42 pct above the 16.98 billion
dlrs recorded in February 1986.
    Total exports for the month fell 20.9 pct to 20.61 billion
dlrs from 26.06 billion in January.
    February exports were still 35.4 pct above the 15.22
billion dlrs recorded in the same month last year.
    Re-exports, the territory's traditional entrepot trade,
outpaced domestically produced exports for the first time since
March 1985.
    Re-exports fell 11.6 pct to 10.62 billion dlrs from 12.0
billion dlrs in January but were 54 pct above February 1986's
6.88 billion dlrs. Domestic exports slid 28.9 pct to 9.99
billion dlrs from January's 14.05 billion dlrs but were up 19.7
pct over the 8.35 billion dlrs recorded in February 1986.
 REUTER

K mart Corp said it signed an
agreement to supply merchandise for Entertainment Marketing
Inc's &lt;EM> home shopping subsidiary, Consumer Discount Network.
    K mart, through its Ultra Buying Network, will begin
supplying non-electronic goods to Consumer Discount Network as
of April 1.
    It said Entertainment Marketing and K mart agreed to share
in the profits. In addition, K mart will receive warrants to
buy two mln shares of Entertainment Marketing's common stock.
 Reuter

Jefferies and Co Inc said it is
making a market in Standard Oil Co at 73 bid offerred at 75 --
has been trading stock at 74.
 Reuter

One hundred members of Britain's ruling
Conservative Party have signed a motion calling for trade
sanctions against Japan to force Tokyo to open its domestic
market to British goods.
    The government announced last week that Japan had a 5.9
billion dlr trade surplus with Britain in 1986.
    The Department of Trade and Industry said the government
was drawing up contingency plans to force Japan into opening up
its domestic markets but a spokesman said such moves were very
much a last resort.
    Ideas being considered included blocking Japanese companies
from trading in Britain and revoking licenses of Japanese
operations in the London financial district.
 Reuter

Treasury Assistant Secretary David
Mulford reaffirmed U.S. backing for the Paris Agreement among
six industrial nations to cooperate closely to foster exchange
rate stability around current levels.
    In testimony prepared for delivery before a Senate banking
subcommittee, Mulford said there was broad recognition in Paris
that "further substantial exchange rate shifts could damage
growth and adjustment prospects."
    But he also said while there are clear understandings among
the countries regarding cooperation, "We have refrained from
establishing a system of target zones or ranges."
    Mulford also said the six nations have not spelled out the
way in which they intend to deal with possible market
developments.
    He said governments must retain flexibility in dealing with
exchange market pressures and efforts to establish rigid
exchange rate objectives "or to specify too precisely the goals
of intervention" would hurt official attempts to react to
market pressures, he said.
    Accordingly, Mulford said setting specific currency
objectives and intervention to achieve those objectives would
be counterproductive.
    Commenting on the trade deficit, Mulford reiterated the
Treasury position that the current account deficit will decline
from 148 billion dlrs last year to around 130 billion dlrs this
year, due to the exchange rate adjustments of the past 18
months.
    But he added trade imbalances would also be corrected by
commitments from West Germany and Japan to stimulate their
economies and by U.S. efforts to cut the budget deficit and
enhance U.S. competitiveness.
    He also said some newly industrialized countries should let
their currencies appreciate.
 Reuter

Qtly div nine cts vs 7.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter

Credit Lyonnais Australia is issuing a
40 mln Australian dlr eurobond paying 14-1/2 pct and priced at
101-1/8 pct, lead manager Hambros Bank Ltd said.
    The bond is due April 24, 1990 and is guaranteed by Credit
Lyonnais. It will be available in denominations of 1,000 dlrs
and will listed in Luxembourg.
    Fees comprise one pct selling concession with 1/2 pct
management and underwriting combined.
 REUTER

 said it
intends to raise about five mln dlrs from the private sale of
convertible preferred stock.
    The company said based on successful completion of the
placement, proceeds of which will be used to expand gold and
silver recovery, it hopes to produce 14,000 ounces of gold and
210,000 ounces of silver this year, up from 2,500 and 15,000
respectively last year.
 Reuter

British Petroleum Co PLC's
announcement that its U.S. subsidiary intends to tender for the
45 pct of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD> it does not already own,
catapulted U.S. oil stocks sharply higher this morning, traders
and analysts said.
    "It raises the specter of additional consolidation in the
industry and that is what is boosting the other oils," analyst
Rosario Ilacqua of L.F. Rothschild said.
    Sanford Margoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers said "this
deal shows that British Petroleum, a conservative investor that
knows the oil business, is clearly confident in the U.S. oil
industry, and that shines well on the U.S. companies."
 More

Shr loss two cts vs loss four cts
    Net loss 44,000 vs loss 85,000
    Sales 370,000 vs 299,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 134,000 vs loss 56,000
    Sales 1,211,000 vs 1,069,000
    NOTE: Prior nine mths net includes 10,000 dlr loss on sale
of marketable securities.
    Prior quarter net includes 1,000 dlr tax credit.
    Current year net includes provisions for loss on investment
in preferred stock of 4,000 dlrs in quarter and 15,000 dlrs in
nine mths.
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve is expected to
enter the U.S. government securities market to add reserves
during its usual intervention period today, economists said.
    With federal funds trading at a steady 6-3/16 pct, most
economists expect an indirect injection of temporary reserves
via a medium-sized round of customer repurchase agreements.
    However, some economists said the Fed may arrange more
aggressive system repurchase agreements.
    Economists would also not rule out an outright bill pass
early this afternoon. Such action had been widely anticipated
yesterday but failed to materialize.
 Reuter

Farmers Commodities of Des Moines,
Iowa, has taken steps to become a clearing member of the
Chicago Board of Trade for farm cooperatives that currently
trade through Illnois Cooperative Futures Co.
    Hal Richards, president of Farmers Commodities, said the
company already has bought a membership at the futures exchange
and has applied for clearing status.
    He said the company is attempting to become the clearing
company for the members of Illinois Coop after they voted to
dissolve the company Wednesday.
    Illinois Coop will cease operating April 24.
    Richards declined to say how many of the Illinois Coop
members were considering joining Farmers, but he said the
number was "significant."
    He said he was recruiting the staff of Illinois Coop,
including Al Evans, back office manager.
    Richards said Farmers Commodities was the largest member of
Illinois Coop, and its 700 members felt that the coop should
retain a clearing membership at the board.
    "It allows us to get better quality execution," he said.
    "Anyone who wants to join our clearing corporation in the
cooperative system, we'll invite them to join us.
    "I think we'll attract others to us because it's our intent
to pass the profit back on to the individual members," he said.
 Reuter


******MULFORD DISAPPOINTED IN NEWLY INDUSTRIALIZED (NICS) EFFORTS TO STRENGTHEN CURRENCIES
Blah blah blah.



Thermo Process Systems Inc said
it won a 1.5 mln dlr contract from Avtopromimport, a trading
company in the Soviet Union.
    The company said it will supply a fully automated,
rotary-hearth furnace system to treat automobile transmission
gears.

 Reuter

The Senate voted unanimously to seek
an expedited U.S. probe of Canadian tariffs on corn imports to
determine if the United States should retaliate.
    By 99 to 0, the Senate went on record against the 84.9
cents per bushel tariff approved by the Canadian Import
Tribunal.
    The non binding measure asked for a probe by the U.S. Trade
Representative to determine within 30 days whether the tariff
violates the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and if so
recommend within 60 days to President Reagan retaliatory action
against Canada.
 Reuter

Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said it is in Japan's national interest to make greater efforts
to reduce its trade surplus.
    He told business executives the most important issues for
the world economy are the correction of international trade
imbalances and a solution to the world debt problem.
    To this end, Japan and the U.S. Must make medium- and
long-term efforts to alter economic structures which have
expanded the trade gap between the two nations. World economic
growth and therefore an expansion of debtor countries' export
markets are needed to solve the debt issue, he added.
 REUTER

Don Gevirtz, chairman of The Foothill
Group Inc, told Reuters the company's first quarter results
will be up sharply over last year's eight cents a share.
    "First quarter results will be dramatically better," he
said following a presentation to analysts. He cited a sharp
drop in non-earning assets, healthy asset growth and lower
expenses.
    He declined to predict specific results for the first
quarter. In the 1986 first quarter, the commerical finance
company earned 606,000 dlrs, or eight cts per share.
    Gevirtz also declined to predict full year results, but
said, "We expect an excellent year." In 1986 Foothill earned
3,239,000 dlrs, or 41 cts per share.
    Analysts expect Foothill to record earnings of 65 cts to 85
cts a share in 1987.
    During the presentation Gevirtz said Foothill has reduced
to less than five pct the company's level of non-performing
assets, which was as high as eight pct in previous years.
    David Hilton, chief financial officer, said the company's
general and administrative expenses in 1987 will be reduced to
about 3.0 to 3.5 pct of average assets from 4.3 pct in 1986.
    The company had average assets of 399.8 mln dlrs from
continuing operations and 29.8 mln dlrs from discontinued
operations in 1986, according to its annual report.
 Reuter

West German net currency reserves
rose by 300 mln marks in the third week of March to 82.0
billion, following a fall of 5.4 billion marks in the previous
week, the Bundesbank said.
    Non-currency reserves were unchanged at about 2.5 billion
marks, bringing net monetary reserves to 84.5 billion.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan was thought to have
bought a small amount of dollars at around 149.30/40 yen,
dealers said.
    The dollar fluctuated marginally after the small-scale
intervention, believed to total several tens of mlns of dlrs,
they said. Large-scale buying by foreign banks or by a life
insurance company earlier pushed the dollar upwards, they said.
    Trading was not very active and dealers were watching for
further central bank intervention to smooth out any sharp
movements, but underlying dollar sentiment is still bearish.
 REUTER

Efforts by governments to control wheat
surpluses by cutting support prices have met with only partial
success, the International Wheat Council (IWC) says in its
latest monthly report.
    Faster results could be achieved by a policy of reducing
both price and areas, as employed in the United States, the IWC
says in a survey of support prices in the five main wheat
exporters - Argentina, Australia, Canada, the EC and the U.S.
    In some countries, for example Australia and Argentina,
which are highly dependent on wheat shipments for export
income, there may be problems in reducing production.
    A policy of cutting wheat production could lead to
unemployment, with job prospects outside agriculture limited.
Alternative crops may offer inferior returns which could then
lead to lost export revenue and balance of payments problems.
    The IWC outlines three courses of action open to
governments in wheat exporting countries.
    They could continue to support prices in the hope that when
the world economy improves demand for wheat will rise and
surpluses wil be reduced or eliminated.
    Alternatively, support could be limited to wheat which
could be easily sold, without needing to be stored for a long
period.
    This option may prove to be the most politically
unattractive and would result in many producers abandoning
wheat production, the report said.
    The third option would be for governments to distinguish
between the commercial and social aspects of agriculture,
possibly varying support prices according to farm size or
overall production.
    The IWC review covers support prices in the major exporting
countries since 1982. At some time during that period all the
producers cut support prices in response to growing surpluses.
    These changes did not always result in lower export
subsidies as on several occasions currency fluctuations more
than offset lower prices in the domestic currency.
    For example between 1985/86 and 1986/87 the EC intervention
price for bread wheat fell from 209.30 to 179.44 European
currency units (Ecus). It dollar terms, the currency in which
most export transactions are denominated, the intervention
price however rose to 193 dlrs from 168. The high cost of
supporting farm prices has put a strain on national exchequers
and some governments are now searching for ways to cut
expenditure, the report says.
    The proportion of world wheat output produced by the five
major exporters declined in the period covered by the survey
from 40 pct in 1982 to 35 pct in 1987. This was partly due to
increased production in China and India.
    The period saw an upward trend in yields, although this was
countered in the Argentina, the U.S. And Australia by lower
acreages.
    In Argentina a reduction in the sown area of about 20 per
cent was put down to low prices causing producers to switch to
other enterprises, particularly livestock while lower U.S.
Acreages are attributed to official incentives.
 REUTER

U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker
said that he opposes a Federal tax increase to help reduce the
budget deficit and favors spending cuts instead.
    "I don't think it's (a tax increase) is a very good idea
and I'm quite confident that President Reagan doesn't think
it's a very good idea," Baker said in an interview on Cable
News Network's "Moneyline" television program.
    He said U.S. taxpayers are taxed at a rate of 19 pct of GNP
which is traditionally where it has been, but the Federal
Government is spending at a rate of 24 pct of GNP. Baker said
spending cuts are clearly the best way to cut budget deficits.
    Baker said he opposed a stock transactions tax proposed by
House Speaker Jim Wright, D-Tex, or other special taxes.
    "The stock transfer tax would be a particularly unfortunate
approach to take," the Treasury Secretary said. He said the
United States has some of the most efficient capital markets in
the world and new taxes would impair efficiency.
    On the international front, Baker said banks must do more
lending to developing countries. He was questioned about this
after the Standard and Poor's Corp downgrading today of the
debt of six major money center bank holding companies, largely
because of their heavy developing nation loan exposure.
    Baker said that developing countries must adopt free market
economic policies such as in the United States. He said capital
flows will be required to support the needed reforms in the
economic systems of those countries.
    The money must come either through equity or debt and Baker
said that developing nations' "investment regimes do not
support enough equity investment, so you've got to have some
debt there."
    Commenting on the U.S. trade deficit, Baker said "I think
you're going to see a 15 to 20 billion dlr reduction this
year."
 Reuter

Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he stood by the Paris agreement among leading industrial
nations to foster exchange rate stability around current
levels.
    "I would refer you to the Paris agreement which was a
recognition the currencies were within ranges broadly
consistent with economic fundamentals," Baker told The Cable
News Network in an interview.
    "We were quite satisfied with the agreement in Paris
otherwise we would not have been a party too it," he said.
    Baker also noted the nations agreed in the accord to
"co-operate to foster greater exchange rate stability around
those levels."
    He refused to comment directly on the current yen/dollar
rate but said flatly that foreign exchange markets recently
tended "to draw unwarranted inferences from what I say."
    Baker was quoted on British Television over the weekend as
saying he has no target for the U.S. currency, a statement that
triggered this week's renewed decline of the dollar.
    "I think the Paris agreement represents evidence that
international economic policy co-ordination is alive and well,"
Baker said.
    The Treasury Secretary stressed however it was very
important for the main surplus countries to grow as fast as
they could consistent with low inflation to resolve trade
imbalances.
    He added that Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker
has also "been very outspoken" in suggesting main trading
partners grow as fast as they can.
   
 Reuter

The cost of living in West Germany
was provisionally unchanged in March compared with February but
fell 0.2 pct against March 1986, the Federal Statistics Office
said.
    In February the cost of living rose 0.1 pct from January
but fell 0.5 pct compared with February 1986.
    The office said final figures for March will be released in
about 10 days.
 REUTER


******U.S. TREASURY'S MULFORD REAFFIRMS G-6 PACT TO FOSTER CURRENCY STABILITY AROUND CURRENT LEVELS
Blah blah blah.




said it anticipates profit for fiscal 1987 ending June 30 will
be lower than fiscal 1986 earnings of 410,000 dlrs, despite an
expected revenue increase of 37 pct to more than 3.5 mln dlrs.
    After an extraordinary expense associated with the
December, 1986 withdrawal of a planned common share offering,
"we expect to be modestly profitable for the year, but below the
410,000 dlrs earned in fiscal 1986," the company said.
    Carolian previously reported fiscal six month profit of
12,933 dlrs, excluding an extraordinary loss of 17,210 dlrs,
compared to earnings of 69,829 dlrs in the prior year.
    The company said it anticipated fiscal 1987 earnings to be
lower due to withdrawal of its share offering, computer
equipment shipment delays and costs associated with sales staff
expansion.
    A strengthening Canadian dollar against U.S. currency will
also adversely affect revenues and earnings, since 85 pct of
revenues are generated by sales outside Canada, said Carolian,
a leading supplier of utility software for Hewlett-Packard
computer systems.
 Reuter

American Eagle gold bullion coin
sales are projected at 3.1 mln troy ounces in their first year
on the market, well above the target of 2.2 mln, Donna Pope,
director of the U.S. Mint, told journalists.
    World sales, which began on October 20, 1986, reached 2.193
mln ounces in less than six months of sales. This made it world
market leader with a share of 37 pct in 1986, Pope said.
    Pope said that in volume terms, nearly half of all gold
Eagle sales were within North America, roughly 40 pct were in
Europe and about eight pct in Asia.
    She said despite introduction of several new gold bullion
coins on the market recently, the Mint is aiming to preserve
the Eagle's strong market share with extensive publicity.
    The Mint uses mainly newly mined U.S. Gold for the coins,
as long as this is available at market prices. The remaining
gold is taken either from U.S. Treasury stocks, or from the
open market, Pope said.
    Gold analysts said the Eagle is facing competition here
from the Canadian Maple Leaf, and also to a lesser extent from
the South African Krugerrand. Some estimated the Maple Leaf's
West German market share at 60 pct.
    The figures may be distorted, as many German investors buy
gold bullion in Switzerland or Luxembourg to escape the 14 pct
value-added tax imposed here. Including the tax, the one-ounce
coins traded today at 906 marks, they said.
    Competition may also come from new gold coins, including
Belgium's ECU, which began sales today. Britain and Australia
also have plans to mint gold bullion coins, the analysts said.
 REUTER

The West German Finance Ministry said the
cabinet will discuss a bill on Wednesday to increase tax cuts
by an extra 5.2 billion marks next year to a total of 13.7
billion marks.
    The additional tax cuts were agreed within the government
coalition in early March after Finance Minister Gerhard
Stoltenberg pledged at the six-nation monetary conference in
Paris in February to increase the size of the 1988 tax cuts.
    The bill will be presented in parliament at a later,
unspecified date after the cabinet's deliberations.
 REUTER

 said it
had reached agreement with the London-based International Stock
Exchange on the distribution of two-way British domestic share
quotations from the Stock Exchange Automated Quotation System
(SEAQ) via the Reuter worldwide information network.
    The company said in a statement the agreement covered SEAQ
Level-2, which provides buy and sell price quotations from 31
individual market makers in domestic U.K. Equities.
    Reuters said it will begin carrying the quotes for all 101
Alpha stocks, leading U.K. Shares, within the next few weeks.
    The SEAQ investor service, which displays indications of
market prices for U.K. Shares without identifying market
makers, has been available on the Reuter network since the "Big
Bang" deregulation of the London stock market last October.
    The SEAQ level-2 service will be available on one-month
trial to subscribers to the Reuter International Equities
Service and to the Reuter U.K. Investment Service, prior to the
imposition of Stock Exchange fees, the company said.
 REUTER

Shr loss 60 cts vs loss 43 cts
    Net loss 3,012,000 vs loss 2,114,000
    Revs 102.8 mln vs 134.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.48 dlr vs loss four cts
    Net loss 7,338,000 vs loss 180,000
    Revs 354.9 mln vs 469.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year net includes a loss of 623,000
dlrs and a gain 1,910,000 dlrs or 39 cts per share for an
extraordinary item.

 Reuter

Sweden's Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken
said it will set up a joint venture in London with U.S.
brokerage firm Equitable Securities Corp of Nashville, Tenn.,
for the sale of U.S. equities in Europe.
    S-E Bank's managing director Jacob Palmstierna told a press
briefing that the joint venture, called Equitable Enskilda
Securities Ltd, will be established next month.
    S-E Bank bought a 4.9 pct stake in Equitable Securities
about two weeks ago. Equitable's role in the joint venture will
include provision of research on firms in the south-east United
States.
 Reuter

Phoenix Financial Corp said it
was sued by General Electric Credit Corp, a unit of General
Electric Co, for breach of warranties and representations.
    The warranties are connected with leases the company said
it sold to GE Credit in June 1985. GE is asking the company to
buy back leases totaling 829,000 dlrs.
    The company said there were no breach of warranties, but it
added it is in the process of reviewing the complaint and
preparing an answer.
 Reuter

The Bundesbank's options for West
Germany monetary policy are limited for the foreseeable future
by the delicate stage of wage negotiations between unions and
employers, economists and money market dealers said.
    Call money fell in quite active trading today, dropping to
3.40/50 pct from 3.55/65 pct yesterday, and below the 3.50 pct
treasury bill rate as a difficult month-end approached.
    But dealers and economists said the Bundesbank was unlikely
to encourage lower rates in the foreseeable future largely for
fear of upsetting the current wage round.
    One money market dealer for a major foreign bank said, "I
don't think the Bundesbank wants rates to go up whatever
happens. But it also does not want them to fall. Above all it
wants to wait to see how the unions wage round goes."
    In West Germany, unions and employers prepare the ground
for triennial wage negotiations based on detailed assessments
of growth and inflation, economists said.
    Ute Geipel, economist with Citibank AG, said if the
Bundesbank became more accommodating in monetary policy,
raising fears in some quarters of a return in inflation in the
medium term, unions would be obliged to curtail wage demands.
    As a result the Bundesbank was concerned to make no move
that would interfere in the negotiating process, Geipel said.
    In the current round, the country's most powerful union,
the IG Metall representing metalworkers and engineers, is
demanding a shortening of the working week to 35 hours from the
present 38-1/2 and an accompanying five pct increase in wages.
    The engineering employers' association, Gesamtmetall, is
offering to bring in a 38-hour-week from July 1, 1988, and give
a two stage wage increase -- a 2.7 pct rise from April 1 this
year and another 1.5 pct from July 1, 1988.
    The agreement forged by IG Metall -- Europe's largest
union, with 2.5 mln members -- and the employers would set the
benchmark for settlements in other industries such as the
public sector, banks and federal post office. Negotiations
began in December and unions are hopeful they may conclude by
early April, ahead of the traditional holiday period in June.
    Though many economists said the unions' current warning
strikes and rhetoric were part of the negotiating strategy and
would not lead to a repeat of 1984's damaging seven-week
strikes, others said unions would not compromise greatly on
their positions and there could still be conflict.
    This could extend the length of time in which the
Bundesbank would keep its activity low-key, economists said.
    The money market head said the unions' humiliation by the
protracted financial problems of the Neue Heimat cooperative
housing venture would contribute to union obstinacy.
    "The unions haven't forgotten that and they will put this
squarely onto the account in the negotiations," he said.
    In addition, the newly-elected chairman of the IG Metall
union, Franz Steinkuehler, was more radical and determined than
his predecessor Hans Meyer and may be set for a longer battle
to achieve the best possible settlement for his membership.
    More than 16,000 engineering workers at 45 firms, mainly in
south Germany, held warning strikes lasting up to two hours
yesterday. Firms hit included Zahnradfabrik Passau GmbH and
aerospace group Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm GmbH.
    Today, 28,000 employees from 110 companies came out in
warning strikes, a statement from IG Metall said.
    Money market dealers said that overnight call money rates
would rise in the near future in any case and did not depend on
a politically-inhibited Bundesbank.
    About eight billion marks were coming into the market
tomorrow from salary payments by the federal government.
    As a result, some banks fell back on the Bundesbank's offer
to mop up liquidity via the sale of three-day treasury bills,
anticipating still lower rates before the month-end.
    But a pension payment date by banks on behalf of customers
was due on Monday, other dealers noted. If banks were short of
liquidity until the bills matured on Tuesday, rates could soar,
perhaps to the 5.50 pct Lombard ceiling.
    Banks were well stocked up with funds, having an average
52.1 billion marks in Bundesbank minimum reserves in the first
24 days of March, well above the 50.7 billion requirement.
 REUTER

The Senate voted to condemn the
proposed European common market tax on vegetable and fish fats
and oils and said it would result in retaliation.
    The non binding Senate resolution, a sense of Senate
sentiment, was approved on a 99 to 0 vote.
    "The administration should communciate to the European
Community the message that the United States will view the
establishment of such a tax as inconsistent with the European
Community's obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that will result in the adoption of strong and
immediate countermeasures," the resolution stated.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded 360 mln dlrs of debt of Fluor Corp and its units
Fluor Finance N.V. and St. Joe Minerals Corp.
    Cut were the firms' senior debt to BB from BBB and the
parent's commercial paper to B from A-2.
    S and P cited industry overcapacity and weak pricing
conditions in Fluor's core businesses. It said profitability
and cash flow protection are not expected to rebound in the
foreseeable future to levels that would support the former
ratings. Restructuring has not compensated for a greater than
anticipated deterioration in market conditions, S and P said.
 Reuter

Anchor Glass Container Corp said
first quarter net income is now expected to exceed the 3.1 mln
dlrs earned before extraordinary items in the year earlier
quarter.
    Previously, the company had said first quarter results
would likely be lower than for the 1986 period due to
production disruptions caused by the large number of production
line changes scheduled during the first quarter, its statement
pointed out.
    While the disruptive effects of the production line changes
had occurred in line with expectations, Anchor Glass said,
first quarter operating results were helped by lower than
anticipated operating costs and improved margins on sales as a
result of a more favorable product mix.
    The company said its income performance for the full year
remains very good.
    It also said Anchor Hocking Corp &lt;ARH> has converted the
entire principal balance of its Anchor Glass convertible
subordinated note to 576,694 Anchor Glass common shares.
    Anchor Glass said the conversion decreased its total debt
and increased stockholders' equity by about 9.4 mln dlrs and
increased common shares outstanding to 13,902,716.
    It said the conversion will also reduce its annualized net
interest expense by about 1.1 mln dlrs, or 600,000 dlrs after
taxes.
 Reuter

Vishay Intertechnology Inc said it
has received a total of 2,362,616 common shares in response to
its offer to exchange Class B shares for common shares, and all
common shares received were accepted.
    Vishay said about 737,500 shares were tendered by chairman
Alfred Slaner and 1,164,607 by president Felix Zandman, with
other executives tendering another 223,387 shares.
    Vishay said it now has 4,675,435 common shares outstanding.
 Reuter

PHLCORP Inc said for November 14
through December 31, its first reporting period after emerging
from reorganization proceedings, it earned 86,000 dlrs on
revenues of 47 mln dlrs, excluding 2,300,000 dlrs in gains on
the sale of real estate and 800,000 dlrs in tax credits.
    The company is the successor to Baldwin-United Corp.
 Reuter

The financially-troubled Farm Credit
System today formally asked that the Treasury Department
provide a line of credit to the system and that Congress take
steps to guarantee stock held by borrowers.
    In testimony prepared for delivery to a Senate agriculture
subcommittee hearing, Brent Beesley, president of the Farm
Credit Corp, said "In order to avoid the need for continued
appropriations, the Farm Credit System Capital Corp should have
a line of credit from the Treasury."
    Beesley said in April the system would recommend a dollar
amount of aid needed.
    In addition, Beesley urged Congress to immediately take
steps to reassure borrowers from the system that their stock is
secure.
    We urged the Congress to go on record through a resolution
stating its commitment to protect the stock," Beesley said.
    Borrowers from the system own some four billion dlrs in
stock that could be jeopardized by the mounting losses of the
Farm Credit System.
    Beesley also said that if Congress takes action to reduce
interest rates offered to farmers to below-market levels, "The
government should provide this interest rate relief.
 Reuter

Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 473,784 vs loss 489,257
    Revs 268.8 mln vs 81.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,245,247 vs 8,035,326
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net 1,512,534 vs loss 1,553,592
    Revs 1,448,310 vs 515,225
    Avg shrs 8,745,132 vs 7,619,863
 Reuter

Warner-Lambert Co said it
has filed suit in U.S. District Court in New Jersey against
&lt;Mason Distributors Inc>, alleging unfair competition.
    It said the suit results from Mason's distribution of
children's allergy medicine in packages allegedly resembling
those of Warner-Lambert's Benadryl capsules and elixir.
 Reuter

Nova Pharmaceutical Corp said the
U.S. Patent Office has allowed its patent for bradykinin
antagonist drugs. Nova said patents have also been filed in
other countries worldwide.
    It said it has the exclusive worldwide rights to these
patents for the first bradykinin blocking drugs being developed
as topical pain relievers and in nasal spry form for treating
common cold symptoms.
    Nova said Bradykinin is the most powerful paing-producing
substance in the body and is considered, based on scientific
evidence, to be the initial stimulus of pain.
 Reuter

Michigan General Corp said
it agreed to sell substantially all of the assets and certain
liabilities of its Krestmark subsidiaries to LCB Holdings Inc
for 6.5 mln dlrs cash.
    Sale of Texas-based Krestmark, a maker of doors, door
frames and other products, will allow Michigan General to
concentrate on retailing through its Diamond Lumber and
Savannah Wholesale units.
    Proceeds of the sale will be used to reduce debt. The deal
is subject to execution of a definitive agreement.
    Krestmark had revenues of about 40 mln dlrs and operating
losses of three mln dlrs in 1986, the company said. It has been
accounted for as a discontinued operation since last September.
    Dallas-based LCB is a privately-held maker of structural
steel joists and rack and storage handling systems.
    Michigan General also said its Diamond Lumber homebuilding
products retail unit closed nine unprofitable stores in the
first quarter and reduced its headquarters staff by 10 pct. The
nine closed stores, which had pretax operating losses of 1.7
mln dlrs in 1986, are being sold to provide cash for
operations.
    About 4.5 mln dlrs of inventory from the stores is being
transferred to other locations, the company said.
 Reuter

The Bank of France intervened to buy
small amounts of dollars and sell yen in Paris today to
stabilise the exchange rates agreed at last month's meeting of
Finance Ministers of the Group of Five and Canada, foreign
exchange dealers said.
    But they said recent central bank intervention in the
foreign exchange markets appeared to be a limited reaction to
temporary pressures rather than a major defence operation.
    A Bank of France spokesman declined all comment but sources
close to the central bank said it had also intervened
yesterday.
    Dealers said the earlier intervention was in concert with
the Bundesbank and Bank of Japan.
    The sources said the French central bank could have been in
the market again today in two-way operations, not necessarily
on its own account, but to counter short-term pressures arising
from the end of the Japanese financial year on March 31.
    One major French bank said it bought between five and 15
mln dlrs for the central bank and sold yen at 149.28 to the
dollar.
    Another bank said it had been asked by the Bank of France
to say it was in the market, a departure from the central
bank's usual insistence on confidentiality.
    But other banks said they had seen no sign of intervention,
which they said appeared to be on a very limited scale.
    "Even if 10 banks were buying five to 15 mln dlrs, you would
still be talking of a small overall amount," said one dealer.
    Recent intervention by the Bank of Japan appeared mainly to
have been required to meet year-end window dressing demand for
yen. "This is a specific short term phenomenon rather than a
wider trend," the dealer said.
    Operators have been extremely cautious about testing the
dollar's trading ranges against the West German mark and
Japanese yen.
    These ranges were set in February's stabilisation agreement
reached here by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker and the
Finance Ministers of Japan, Germany, France, Britain and
Canada.
    But speculative pressures started to build again this week
after Baker was quoted on British television at the weekend as
repeating earlier statements that Washington had no target for
the dollar.
    Baker yesterday moved to defuse speculation he was talking
the dollar down, telling a Cable News Network interviewer and a
Senate committee he stood by the Paris agreement. Foreign
exchange markets had been misreading his comments, he said.
 REUTER

Brazil today suggested to its foreign
bank creditors an extension of short-term credit lines for 60
days until May 31, a spokesman for the Central Bank said.
    He said that with the move, called a "standstill"
arrangement, Brazil was only trying to avoid difficulties to
pay its 109 billion dlrs debt in the future.
    The spokesman told Reuters that Brazil's suggestion will be
communicated by telex to Brazil's 700 bank creditors.
    The spokesman declined to give details of what was included
in the statement, but said Central Bank president Francisco
Gros was seeking a 60-day extension of the short-term credit
lines from its commercial bank creditors.
    The amount of these credit lines totals 15 billion dollars,
and deadline for payment is set for March 31.
    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said in a television
interview it was "absolutely important" for Brazil and its
creditors to renew the short-term credit lines, as Brazil must
finance its exports.
    "If these credit lines were cut, we would face difficulties
to honour our foreign debt in the future," Funaro said.
    "There is evidently a common interest in the matter," he said.
    Funaro said, however, he was told creditors understand
Brazil's position and do not wish to turn the negotiation for
the renewal of the credit lines more difficult.
    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68-
billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-term
trade and money market lines.
    He said Brazil's suggestion is part of its demands "before
the need to renew the mechanisms of loans in the world."
    Funaro said currently debt negotiations are "very complex
and complicated," mentioning cases of countries which had to
wait some 10 months before getting a reply from creditors.
    "We are not interested in confrontation, but we would like
the loan mechanisms to show that the crisis belongs to both
sides," Funaro said.
    Funaro denied rumours that he had offered his resignation
to President Jose Sarney.
    "Who decides whether to keep or dismiss his ministers is the
president. Everything else is nothing but speculation," he said.
 Reuter

Sumitomo Bank Ltd said it established a
500 mln stg certificate of deposit (CD) issuance program,
arranged by Morgan Grenfell and Co Ltd.
    Dealers will be Morgan Grenfell, Lloyds Merchant Bank Ltd,
Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd, Salomon Brothers International Ltd,
Sumitomo Finance International and S.G. Warburg and Co Ltd.
    Maturities will be between seven days and five years and
paper will be issued in denominations of 250,000, 500,000 and
one mln stg.
 REUTER

An exchange loss of 7.6 billion
ringgit in 1986 pushed Malaysia's outstanding external debt up
to 50.99 billion ringgit, from 1985's 42.3 billion, the Central
Bank said in its annual report.
    Bank Negara said although Malaysia's net borrowing dropped
in 1986, its external debt rose due to the 30 pct appreciation
of the basket of currencies against which the ringgit is
pegged.
    The basket comprises principally the U.S. Dollar, yen,
mark, Swiss franc, French franc, sterling, guilder, Canadian
and Singapore dollars, it added.
    Bank Negara said growth in external debt, which declined
progressively from a peak of 58 pct in 1982 to 13.6 pct in
1985, rose by 20.2 pct in 1986.
    Malaysia's debt serving ratio of 17.6 pct of its exports in
1986 is within the prudency limit of 20 pct, Bank Negara
Governor Jaafar Hussein told reporters.
 REUTER

The latest round of talks between
Philippine officials and the country's commercial bank
creditors on the rescheduling of 9.4 billion dlrs worth of debt
are still proceeding, but with a narrower focus, Philippine
Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin said.
    He told a press briefing Wednesday that Manila has dropped
a two-tier interest payment offer, which would have given banks
a higher return if they took partial payment in new Philippine
investment notes (PINs) instead of in cash.
    "The PINs proposal has been laid aside.... The discussion is
now on pricing (of just the cash payments)," he said.
    Foreign banking sources in Manila said on Tuesday that the
Philippines had raised its basic interest rate offer to 7/8
over the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) but Ongpin would
not discuss details of the pricing negotiations.
    He also refused to speculate on when an overall agreement
might be reached. The talks have been going on for more than
three weeks.
    Manila originally offered to pay interest in cash at 5/8
over LIBOR or in a mixture of cash and PINs -- tradeable,
dollar-denominated, zero coupon notes that could potentially
yield up to one point over LIBOR.
    The PINs option was subsequently modified to guarantee at
least a 7/8 point spread over LIBOR but many bankers still had
grave reservations, seeing it as a possible precedent for other
large debtors to avoid paying interest in cash.
    The PINs proposal has now been left on the table as a
separate option for those banks, which might want to fund their
own investments in the Philippines or sell the notes in the
secondary market, Ongpin said.
    Under Manila's plan, the PINs would be redeemable at full
face value in Philippine pesos to fund local equity investments
at any time prior to their six-year maturity date.
    While the commercial banks had their doubts about the PINs
proposal, Ongpin said there was great interest on the part of
certain investment banks which are already active in the
secondary market for sovereign debt.
    Unlike current debt/equity schemes, Ongpin said, the PINs
would include no government fees and would be free from
"administrative hassles."
    He said about six investment banks had been approached and
four had replied so far. One even showed interest in buying 45
mln dlrs worth of notes, he said.
    Ongpin said that by funding current interest payments in
the secondary market through the PINs scheme, the Philippines
could conserve at least one to 1.5 billion dlrs of foreign
exchange reserves during its planned seven-year restructuring
period.
 REUTER


******BEST PRODUCTS CO INC 4TH QTR SHR 1.44 DLRS VS 83 CTS
Blah blah blah.



Great Western Financial
Corp said it has called for redeemption a 150 mln dlr issue of
8.5 pct convertible subordinate debentures due 2010 on May 15.
    The company said each 1,000 dlrs principal amount of the
debentures will be redeemed at 1,068 dlrs plus 7.08 dlrs of
accrude interest.
    It said each 1,000 dlrs principal amount of the debentures
is convertible into about 30.075 common shares at the
conversion price of 33.25 dlrs a share. The stock closed at
53-3/4 yesterday.
 Reuter

Ethyl Corp said its subsidiaries
completed the acquisiton of Nelson Research and Development Co
&lt;NELR>.
    The merger was approved following completion on Jan 27 of a
tender offer valued at approximately 55 mln dlrs, the company
said.
    It added that Nelson, based in Irvine, Calif., will be
operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ethyl.
    Nelson designs and develops new drugs, Ethyl said.
 Reuter

The release of U.K. February trade data
showing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376
mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopes
of an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.
    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, with
expectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750
mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharply
narrower than January's 527 mln deficit.
    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase Manhattan
Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.
    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weaker
morning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted index
against a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged from
yesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.
    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil trade
pattern would undermine international support for sterling,
which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.
Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begun
to doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending rates
to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.
    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.
    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current account
deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, said Wroblewski.
    Seasonally adjusted figures showed that imports rose in
February to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.
    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.
    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips and
Drew said that the faster rise in exports than imports would
prove partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast the
Chancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer expediture
on imported goods.
    However, Ian Harwood, economist at Warburg Securities, said
his firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficit
forecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billion
stg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.
    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goods
confirmed recent bullish surveys among members of the
Confederation of British Industry.
    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even if
January's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseas
goods and import-intensive stock building among manufactureres,
Harwood said.
    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2
point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worries
about the figures evaporated.
    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settling
to a steady 1.6050 dlrs about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher
than the European low of 1.5960.
    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in market
sentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.
    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market was
largely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that the
Conservative government's support was slipping.
    The Marplan poll, published in "Today," showed Conservative
support had fallen to 36 pct, from 38 pct last month, while the
Alliance of Liberals and Social Democrats had rallied to 31
pct, from 21 pct, to run neck and neck with the Labour Party,
whose own support fell from 38 pct.
    The poll was taken after the Budget, which was greeted
enthusiastically by financial markets but seems to have left
the voters indifferent, political observers said.
    Another regular poll is due tomorrow, and eonomists warn
that today's improved sentiment could be dented if support for
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher slips again.
    This upsetting of the markets' political perceptions, which
are all but discounting a Conservative victory in the upcoming
general election, made them more sensitive to the trade data,
Harwood said. "The news did come as a very, very substantial
relief," he said.
    However, on the interest rate front, economists caution
that Lawson might be wary of leaving sterling vulnerable by
encouraging another base rate fall. They noted Lawson had
already got an inflation-reducing cut in mortgage rates in
response to lower base rates, so domestic political reasons for
lower rates have been curtailed.
 REUTER

British Petroleum Co PLC said it has
scheduled a New York press conference for 1300 EST/1800 gmt
today at which senior management will discuss the company's
proposed acquisition of the 45 pct of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD>
that it does not already own for 70 dlrs per share.
    The offer is worth about 7.4 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

Essex Chemical Corp is raising 60 mln
dlrs via an offering of convertible subordinated debentures due
2012 with a six pct coupon and par pricing, said lead manager
Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc.
    The debentures are convertible into the company's common
stock at 40 dlrs per share, representing a premium of 23.6 pct
over the stock price when terms on the debt were set.
    Non-callable for two years, the issue is rated B-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and B by Standard and Poor's
Corp. PaineWebber Inc co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

Tunisia has decided to break diplomatic
relations with Iran, the foreign ministry said.
    A communique published by the official TAP news agency said
the Iranian embassy in Tunis had been engaged in activities
liable to disturb public order.
    These included acts aimed at sowing ideological confusion
and anarchy, the communique said.
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it provided
about 25 mln stg in late help to the money market, bringing the
total assistance today to 266 mln stg.
    This compares with the bank's revised estimate of a 350 mln
stg money market shortfall.
 REUTER

The Senate voted to condemn the
proposed European common market tax on vegetable and marine
fats and oils and said it would result in retaliation.
    The non-binding Senate resolution, a sense of Senate
sentiment, was approved on a 99 to 0 vote.
    "The administration should communicate to the European
Community the message that the United States will view the
establishment of such a tax as inconsistent with the European
Community's obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that will result in the adoption of strong and
immediate countermeasures," the resolution stated.
    The resolution said the European Community Commission has
proposed establishing a consumption tax on vegetable and fish
oils and fats in conjunction with the setting of farm prices
for the 1987/1988 EC marketing year.
    The Senate said the tax would amount to almost 90 pct of
the current price of soyoil and "have a restrictive effect" on
U.S. exports of soybeans and vegetable oils to the EC.
    It would be "blatantly inconsistent" with obligations of the
EC under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT, the
resolution said, and "constitute another egregious attempt" to
impose EC agricultural costs on trading partners.
 Reuter

Libya is reported to have recently
bought two cargoes of white sugar from operators at around
229/230 dlrs a tonne cost and freight, traders said.
    The shipment period required was not specified.
 Reuter

International Cocoa Organization, ICCO,
council chairman Denis Bra Kanon will present a compromise
proposal on buffer stock rules to producer and consumer
delegates either later today or tomorrow morning, delegates
said.
    Bra Kanon held private bilateral consultations with major
producers and consumers this morning to resolve outstanding
differences, mostly on the issues of how much non-member cocoa
the buffer stock can purchase and price differentials for
different varieties.
    Delegates were fairly confident the differences could be
worked out in time to reach agreement tomorrow.
    Some consuming member nations, including Britain and
Belgium, favour the buffer stock buying more than 10 pct
non-member cocoa, delegates have said.
    The consumers argue that buying cheaper, lower quality
non-member cocoas, particularly Malaysian, will most
effectively support prices because that low quality cocoa is
currently pressuring the market.
    Producers, meanwhile, say non-member cocoa should make up
at most a very small percentage of the buffer. They say
Malaysia should not be able to benefit from the ICCO unless it
is a member, and if the buffer stock bought Malaysian cocoa
Malaysia would have no incentive to join, delegates said.
    As to differentials, Ghana apparently wanted a higher
differential for its cocoa than is outlined in the most recent
proposal, so it would have a better chance of having its cocoa
bought for the buffer stock, producer delegates said.
    Some consumers wanted differentials to be adjusted in a way
that would not promote buffer stock purchases of the more
expensive cocoas, such as Ghanaian and Brazilian, they said.
    Other technical points need to be sorted out, including
limits on how much cocoa the buffer stock manager can buy in
nearby, intermediate and forward positions and the consequent
effect on prices in the various deliveries, delegates said.
 Reuter

 rebutted U.S.
Criticism it is blocking American Telephone and Telegraph
Corp's &lt;T.N>, AT and T, entry into French telecommunications
firm &lt;Compagnie Generale Constructions Telephoniques>, CGCT.
    Management board member Hans Baur told journalists that the
acquisition of a joint 20 pct stake in CGCT by AT and T and
Philips Gloeilampenfabrieken NV &lt;PGLO.AS> had not been decided
on two years ago as claimed by AT and T.
    The French government, which owns CGCT, had asked Siemens
at the start of 1986 to submit an offer for the stake in CGCT.
The result of the negotiations was still open.
    Baur said Siemens had first made an offer last summer.
    The Handelsblatt newspaper today quoted AT and T chairman
James E. Olson as saying that Siemens' attempt to stop AT and T
and Philips could lead to a resurgence of protectionism in the
U.S.
    Baur said he expected the French government to decide on
the winning bid by the end of April. CGCT's share of the French
switchboard market amounts to around 16 pct.
    The French government has limited CGCT participation by
foreign companies to 20 pct and set a price of 500 mln francs
for the whole company.
    Bauer said the 20 pct limitation would only apply to the
initial stake. He did not rule out a stake increase later but
said Siemens' aim was to introduce its technology.
    Bauer said Siemens and French telecommunications firm
&lt;Jeumont-Schneider SA> submitted a joint offer at the start of
March because of the 20 pct limitation. Both companies will
form a joint venture to take over the whole of CGCT.
   Siemens will have a 20 pct stake in the new company while
Jeumont-Schneider will own 80 pct. Apart from investing 100 mln
francs for the modernisation of CGCT, a new research centre
with was also being planned.
 REUTER

Shr two cts vs one ct
    Net 83,000 vs 32,000
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 7,625,000
 Reuter

HealthMate Inc said its
auditors, Laventhol and Horwath, indicated they will issue a
qualified opinion on the company's financial statements.
    The company, which went public in March 1985, earlier
reported losses for the fourth quarter.
    It said the auditor's statement, known as a "subject to"
opinion, cautions that, because of continuing operating losses
and negative cash flow, it must achieve profitable operations
or acquire additional equity capital or other financing to
continue in existence.
    HealthMate reported a loss for the year of 1,512,534 dlrs,
or 17 cts a share on revenues of 1.4 mln dlrs. A year ago, it
had a loss of 1,553,592 dlrs, or 20 cts a share on revenues of
515,225 dlrs.
    It said the increased sales reflect initial shipments of
its FluoroScan Imaging Systems, low radiation X-ray imaging
devices that recently were classified by Underwriters
Laboratories Inc.
 Reuter

Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 13
    Record April Six
 Reuter

Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts prior
    Pay April 21
    Record April Seven
 Reuter

Brunswick Corp is raising 100 mln dlrs
through an offering of notes due 1997 yielding 8.199 pct, lead
manager Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc said.
    The notes have an 8-1/2 pct coupon and were priced at 99.50
to yield 96 basis points over comparable Treasury securities.
    The issue is non-callable for life and rated Baa-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc and BBB-plus by Standard and
Poor's Corp.
    Salomon Brothers co-managed the deal.
 Reuter

The International Wheat Council (IWC)
lifted its estimate for 1986/87 world wheat and coarse grain
production by one mln tonnes to a record 1,377 mln, compared
with 1,351 mln tonnes the previous season.
    In its monthly market report, the IWC said it is leaving
unchanged its forecast of world wheat production for the coming
1987/88 season at between 520 and 530 mln tonnes against a
record 534 mln in 1986/87. The one mln tonne upward revision in
1986/87 wheat production reflects several minor adjustments.
The IWC raised the 1986/87 coarse grain trade figure two mln to
87 mln tonnes. It left wheat trade unchanged at 86 mln.
    The IWC 1986/87 estimate for world trade in wheat and
coarse grain is thus estimated two mln tonnes higher at 173 mln
against 169 mln the previous season with the forecast three mln
rise in Soviet imports offset by small reductions elsewhere.
    The IWC said the area harvested for wheat in 1987/88 is
likely to be down from last year as low world prices and
restrictive national policies measures begin to take effect.
    At least four of the five major exporters expect to see a
drop in wheat sowings without offset in other countries. There
is still potential for even higher average wheat yields but the
IWC said there are increasing signs world output may level off.
    Although it is still early to assess the coarse grain
outlook, the IWC said barley acreage is likely to fall in the
European Community but increase in Canada. U.S. Maize area is
expected lower but oat sowings could rise.
    After damage to its maize crop last year, the Soviet Union
plans to expand this area by as much as 50 pct to over six mln
hectares in a year when many frost damaged wheat fields are
likely to be resown to this and other spring crops. Improved
weather and a further increase in the use of intensive
cultivation methods could therefore see a marked rise in Soviet
maize output in 1987, the IWC said.
    Any reduction in world coarse grain output would be
bolstered by the large carryover stocks from 1986/87, the IWC
said.
    It left its estimates of wheat and coarse grain stocks at
endof different marketing years unchanged at 178 and 210 mln
tonnes, respectively, against 160 and 167 mln a year earlier.
    After record world durum wheat production of 218.8 mln
tonnes last season, the IWC said there are already signs of
another large crop this coming season with higher output
expected in the EC, Canada, the U.S. And North Africa.
 REUTER

Montreal Trustco Inc is issuing a 100 mln
Canadian dlr, 8-1/2 pct bond due May 6, 1992 at 101 pct, lead
manager Societe Generale said.
    The non-callable issue is of unsecured, unsubordinated
debt. Denominations are of 1,000 and 10,000 Canadian dlrs and
listing is in Luxembourg. Payment date is May 5.
    Fees are 1-1/4 pct for selling, 3/8 pct for underwriting
and 1/4 pct for management including a 1/8 pct praecipuum.
 REUTER

 has
arranged to receive a 125 mln dlr five year cash advance
facility, said Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd and Guinness Mahon
and Co Ltd as joint arrangers.
    The two firms said the terms of the facility will be
reviewed after the third year with a view to considering
extension by a further two years.
    The facility will include a tender panel to bid for
multi-currency cash advances at a maximum rate of 0.1875 pct
over the London Interbank Offered Rate.
    The facility will incorporate an underwriting fee of 0.10
pct in addition to a fee of 0.05 to 0.10 pct depending on the
participation amount. In addition, Barclays and Guinness Mahon
have been named joint dealers for a complementary 100 mln dlr
euro-commercial paper program.
    Funds will be used to refinance the cost of the recent
Forstmann-Leff Associates acquisition as well as for general
corporate purposes.
 REUTER

First Interstate Bancorp Chairman
Joseph Pinola said the bank holding company would lose about 16
mln dlrs per year, after taxes, if it had to put its medium and
long-term debt on non-accrual status.
    In an interview, he said that could result in about a 4.5
pct decline in annual earnings per share.
    Pinola said First Interstate, like other banks, has not yet
decided to put the loans, which Brazil stopped paying interest
on last month, on non-accrual status.
    "None of us really wants to injure negotiations that might
be going on," he said.
    First Interstate reported to the Securities and Exchange
Commission last week that it has about 339 mln dlrs in
medium-to long-term loans to Brazil.
    It said on December 31, 1986 its nonperformind Brazilian
outstanding debt totaled about 4.1 mln dlrs.
    First Interstate also has about 168 mln dlrs in short-term
loans or trade lines to Brazil.
    Pinola said he believes the solution to the Brazilian debt
crisis will be more political than economic, which he said he
finds, "very disquieting and discomforting."
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 19.6 mln vs 17.6 mln
    Revs 276 mln vs 170.4 mln
    Avg shrs 85.3 mln vs 84.8 mln
    NOTE: Company owns 65 pct of &lt;Bramalea Ltd>.
                           
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it operated in
the money market this afternoon, buying 226 mln stg in bills.
    In band one, the central bank bought 37 mln stg treasury
bills and 72 mln stg bank bills at 9-7/8 pct together with 117
mln stg band two bank bills at 9-13/16 pct.
    This brings total money market help so far today to 241 mln
stg and compares with the Bank's revised estimate of a 350 mln
stg shortfall.
 REUTER

The finance department said it will sell
500 mln dlrs of three-year 3-1/2 month bonds to primary
distributors in a previously announced auction March 31.
    It said another 400 mln dlrs of seven-year 3 month bonds
will be auctioned April 1.
 Reuter

Shr 12 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 282,000 vs 360,000
    Revs 5,261,000 vs 5,348,000
    Avg shrs 2,336,000 vs 2,335,000
    Year
    Shr 91 cts vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 2,149,000 vs 2,075,000
    Revs 28.2 mln vs 28.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,356,000 vs 2,001,000
    NOTE: 1986 quarter net includes 72,000 dlr charge from
repal of investment tax credit.
 Reuter

Eastman Kodak Co said it has
reached an agreement to acquire new stock representing a 16 pct
interest in industrial biotechnology company &lt;Genencor Inc> for
undisclosed terms.
    Other Genencor shareholders include Staley Continental Inc
&lt;STA>, Corning Glass Works &lt;GLW> and Genentech Inc &lt;GENE>.
    The company said it has been granted options to increase
its equity stake during 1987.  It said it has agreed to make a
multiyear, multimillion dollar commitment to Genecor research
products related to food additivies and pharmaceutical
intermediates.
 Reuter

World Bank president Barber Conable said
he was concerned about the state of Brazil's economy and urged
the country to come up with a plan soon to put its economic
house in order.
    "I am very concerned about the Brazilian economy," he told
reporters after a news conference in Tokyo.
    He said Brazil had caught the attention of the world with
its decision last month to stop paying interest on its loans
from commercial banks but warned it not to sqaunder the time it
gained by failing to come up with a new economic program.
    Brazil's decision jolted the world's financial community as
the country is 108 billion dlrs in debt, including some 68
billion owed to commercial banks.
    Brazilian Finance Ministry sources said in Brasilia
yesterday that the country was preparing a new economic
strategy designed to ensure domestic economic growth.
    Despite mounting domestic and overseas pressure, Brazil has
said repeatedly that it will not go to the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) for help in drawing up a new plan for fear
that will only throw its economy into recession.
    Conable said the country may be able to get away with not
going to the IMF for help, but will need an IMF-type economic
program if it wants to regain the confidence of lenders.
    Outsiders like the World Bank are reluctant to suggest
possible solutions to Brazil's economic problems because of the
delicate political situation there, he added.
    While the World Bank has a role to play in helping Brazil,
it canot replace the IMF as an overseer of the economy,
Conable said. He added that the Fund can be very flexible in
its dealings with developing countries, adjusting its approach
to the political realities.
    Brazil still seems willing to talk to the Fund under the
annual discussions that all IMF members undertake, Conable
said, adding that this could partially solve the current
stalemate.
    During his news conference, Conable said the World Bank
backed U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's Third World debt
initiative, which calls for stepped up lending to heavily
indebted Third World countries adopting economic policies.
    "The World Bank believes the Baker initiative is the best
approach," he said. "Debt forgiveness is difficult to design in
any fair way and also will tend to discourage further
investment and development."
    He cited the recent multi-billion dollar debt package for
Mexico, the Third World's most indebted country after Brazil.
    "Will it work?" he asked. "We don't know...But we think it
more likely to work than any of the alternatives suggested."
    Conable, who is here to meet government and business
leaders, expressed confidence that Japan will make increasing
use of its huge trade surplus to help developing countries.
    "We are quite confident Japan will make an increasing
investment in development because of their willingness to
support institutions like ours in increasing ways with each
passing year," he said.
 REUTER

Shr 26 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 1,144,000 vs 1,063,000
    Sales 23.2 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 93 cts vs 1.40 dlrs
    Net 4,046,000 vs 6,111,000
    Sales 97.8 mln vs 104.0 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes gain 286,000 dlrs from
discontinued operations in year and loss 375,000 in quarter and
gain 260,000 dlrs in year from disposal of discontinued.
 Reuter

French reserves fell in the week ended
March 19 following repayment of the bulk of the debt contracted
during January with the European Monetary Cooperation Fund, the
Bank of France said in its weekly statement.
    The repayment of capital and interest on this loan, taken
out during the strong pressure on the franc which preceded the
European Monetary System (EMS) realignment and the subsequent
Group of Five meeting in Paris, took place on March 13.
    It comprised the repayment of 11.25 billion francs' worth
of European Currency Units (ECUs), 9.72 billion francs' worth
of foreign currency and 1.72 billion francs' worth of special
drawing rights (SDRs), the Bank said.
    As a result foreign currency reserves fell to 114.69
billion francs on March 19 from 120.82 billion on March 12,
while ECU reserves fell to 62.02 billion francs from 73.23
billion.
    Gold reserves remained stable at 218.32 billion francs.
 REUTER

Braniff Inc said a U.S. Department of
Transportation administrative law judge has recommended that a
certificate be granted authorizing Braniff to operate air
service for five years on a temporary and experimental basis
between Dallas/Fort Worth and San Antonio, Texas, and Mexico
City and Acapulco, Mexico.
    The company said the recommendation must still be approved
by Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole and President
Reagan. Braniff has been operating the routes under exemption
authority granted by the Transportation Department in October.
 Reuter

South Korea is studying a plan to buy
more coal from the United States and to start importing Alaskan
crude oil to help reduce its huge trade surplus with the United
States, Energy Ministry officials said today.
    They said the plan would dominate discussions at two-day
energy talks between officials of the two countries in
Washington from April 1.
    Huh Sun-yong, who will attend the talks with three other
Seoul government officials, told Reuters that Seoul was
"positively considering buying a certain amount of Alaskan oil
beginning this year as part of our government's overall plan to
reduce a widening trade gap between the two countries."
    Huh said however that South Korean refineries considered
the Alaskan oil economically uncompetitive.
 Reuter

Commodore International Corp
said it entered into two agreements to provide Amiga computer
graphics technology to the coin-operated amusement industry.
    The agreements are with London-based &lt;Mastertronic Ltd> and
&lt;Grand Products> of Elk Grove, Ill., and they join a similar
previously-announced agreement with Bally Manufacturing Corp
&lt;BLY>, the company said.
    Under the terms of the agreement, Commodore said it will
supply the companies with Amiga printed circuit board and
Commodore technical knowhow and will obtain software licensing
rights to video games developed for the Amiga hardware.

The Bank of France intervened on the
market to buy dollars and sell yen to support the U.S.
Currency, dealers said.
    A major French bank said it acted for the central bank in
buying between five and 15 mln dlrs against yen.
    A dealer at another bank said his bank had been asked to
publicise the intervention, to send a clear signal to the
markets that central banks were acting in concert to maintain
the exchange rates agreed to be appropriate at last month's
meeting of the Group of Five and Canada in Paris.
    The dollar was being quoted at 6.0950/70 francs in early
afternoon dealings after a fix of 6.09425 francs.
    The major French bank said it sold yen at a rate of 149.28
against the dollar.
    The U.S. Currency was subsequently being quoted at
149.25/35.
    The Bank of Japan was reported in the market overnight to
bolster the credibility of the Paris accord following several
days of pressure against the dollar.
    Pressure developed after U.S. Treasury Secretary James
Baker repeated earlier statements that the Reagan
administration had no targets for the dollar, apparently
undermining the assumption that the agreement in Paris had
fixed broad fluctuation ranges for major currencies.
    Baker later said his remark had been misinterpreted.
 REUTER

Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter

Roy F. Weston Inc expects to
distribute a statement shortly, a spokesman said.
    NASDAQ has halted trading in the stock until the
announcement is distributed, saying it last traded at 20-3/4.
 Reuter

 said the board approved a
public offering of 75.0 mln dlrs principal amount of 7-1/4 pct
convertible subordinated debentures, maturing April 30, 2002,
subject to regulatory approvals.
    The debentures will be convertible into common shares at
any time up to April 30, 1992 at a price of 17.50 dlrs a share,
and then up to April 30, 1997 at 18.50 dlrs a share.
    Masco Corp &lt;MAS>, holding 44 pct of Emco, has agreed to
purchase 33.0 mln dlrs of the debentures. Underwriters are
Gordon Capital Corp, Midland Doherty Ltd, Merrill Lynch Canada
Inc and Levesque Beaubien Inc.
 Reuter

Cross and Trecker said it
agreed to acquire the Alliance Automation Systems division of
Gleason Corp &lt;GLE> for an undisclosed amount of cash.
    It said the Gleason division manufactures automated
assembly and test systems used in the production of small to
medium size components for a number of industries, including
automotive, electronic and appliance.
    Alliance Automation had 1986 sales of about 35 mln dlrs and
employs 200.
 Reuter

Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter


******USAIR GETS APPROVAL TO BUY 9,309,394 PIEDMONT SHARES IN TENDER
Blah blah blah.



President Nobuo Ito of International
Telecom Japan Inc (ITJ), one of two rival firms seeking to
enter Japan's international telecommunications market, said it
will offer a stake in the company to 10 foreign firms.
      But he declined to specify what share the firms would
take, and told Reuters they would not participate in its
management.
    ITJ and International Digital Communications Planning Inc
(IDC), in which both Cable and Wireless Plc and Pacific Telesis
Group own 20 pct stakes, are set to merge into a new entity to
compete against Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd.
 Reuter

House of Fabrics Inc said
it expects growth in earnings and revenues as the current
fiscal year progresses.
    It said it will open about 50 super stores this year. 
House of Fabrics now operates 703 stores.
    The company today reported earnings for the year ended
January 31 of 6,191,000 dlrs on sales of 316.4 mln dlrs, up
from prior year earnings of 4,257,000 dlrs on sales of 286.7
mln dlrs.  The prior year earnings included a 2,100,000 dlr
charge for the disposition of Craft Showcase stores.
 Reuter

Emhart Corp said it received
four contracts valued at a total of seven mln dlrs to design,
develop and install data communications and automated
dispatching systems.
    The company said its Planning Research Corp unit, which
received the contracts, will do the work for the city of Grand
Rapids, Mich., the New Jersey Transit Authority, the Los
Angeles County Sheriff's office and the city of Calgary,
Alberta, Canada.
 Reuter

 has
arranged the sale of the one mln ordinary shares it holds in
its subsidiary &lt;Unidare Aluminium Ltd>, Unidare said.
    The placing has been arranged through &lt;Allied Irish
Investment Bank Plc> at an ex-dividend price of 371 Irish pence
per share.
 REUTER

2nd qtr
    Shr profit 32 cts vs loss 95 cts
    Net profit 28.0 mln vs loss 82.2 mln
    Revs 950.2 mln vs 862.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr profit 65 cts vs loss 62 cts
    Net profit 56.6 mln vs loss 53.5 mln
    Revs 1.88 billion vs 1.67 billion
    Avg shrs 92.2 mln vs 86.7 mln
    NOTE: Period ended February 28.
    Prior year net both periods includes pretax asset
writedowns of 114.6 mln dlrs and additions to reserves of 60.0
mln dlrs.
    Prior year net includes tax credits of 53.7 mln dlrs in
quarter and 32.9 mln dlrs in half.
 Reuter

British banks are resisting signing a 76
billion dlr rescheduling package for Mexico in a last ditch
effort to get all participants to contribute equally to a new
7.7 billion dlr loan contained in the package.
    Christopher Brougham, regional manager, rescheduling unit,
at Lloyds Bank Plc, said in response to a Reuter enquiry, that
the six major U.K. Clearing banks last week sent a telex to
Citibank saying they would contribute what was requested
provided all other major lenders did the same and that the U.S.
Banks contribute at least 90 pct of the amount required by
them.
    Other bankers, who declined to be identified, said other
groups of banks particularly those in Switzerland, France and
Canada, were equally reluctant to sign, although they had not
sent any telex to Citibank, which chairs Mexico's 13-bank
advisory group.
    However, they said it was likely that if and when the
British banks sign the accord, the others are likely to follow.
    Under the agreement, for which the signing began on Friday,
commercial banks are being asked to contribute 12.9 pct of
their exposure to Mexico as of August 1982. That was the date
of the first Mexican debt crisis.
    After months of haggling, a proposed rescheduling agreement
for Mexico was struck last September during the annual meeting
of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund in
Washington.
    Ever since then the advisory group, of which Lloyds is a
member, has been attempting to round up the needed signatories.
    However, there has been considerable resistance to the
package, partly because of some of the clauses it contains and
partly because many small U.S. Regional banks do not want to
increase their exposure to any Latin American countries.
    Brougham said, "We (British banks) have always played along
for Mexico and will do so as long as others share equally."
    The decision to send the telexes was agreed on by the six
clearers jointly, but each sent its own telex.
    In addition to Lloyds, telexes were sent by National
Westminster Bank Plc, Barclays Bank Plc, Midland Bank Plc,
tandard Chartered Bank Plc and Royal Bank of Scotland Plc.
    Brougham noted that so far the U.S. Banks have only reached
83-1/2 pct of the total that is expected from them, while the
level of contributions from the U.K. Banks is well in excess of
90 pct. "The U.S. Figure should be closer to ours," he said.
    Many bankers have been angered by the resistance of the
regional U.S. Banks, noting that even if they don't contribute
to the new loan they still will be receiving interest on the
existing loans.
    The banks still have three weeks to sign the agreement and
bankers are hoping all will go according to plan.
    In the meantime, bankers expect further pressure will be
exercised on the regional banks and the major U.S. Banks to
find a solution to the problem. Many have suggested that the
larger U.S. Banks should take on the additional obligations,
but so far they have resisted this.
    Bankers expect that much of the pressure on the U.S. Banks
will come from U.S. Regulators, notably the Federal Reserve.
    Bankers prefer to view the stance taken by the British
banks and other national groups as "a matter of principal, and
burden sharing" rather than as a "pressure tactic" to force the
U.S. Banks to make up their share.
    The bankers are not the only ones to be upset by the
protracted negotiations surrounding the agreement.
    The Mexicans themselves have been angered by the delays. At
the signing in New York last Friday, Finance Minister Gustavo
Petricioli sounded a warning to the recalcitrant banks.
    "Those who supported us today can be sure that Mexico will
continue to be open and willing to share with them the business
opportunities which its future growth will create," Petricioli
said.
    Conversion of bank debt into equity investments in Mexico
is one option banks can take advantage of to reduce their
exposure. But Mexico halted its debt for equity program in
February in an effort to concentrate on finalising the package.
    On Friday, Petricioli said "We will be a lot more
expeditious in processing the requests of banks that have
supported us."
    The pressure on the U.S. Banks comes at a time when other
major Latin American debtors are in the process of crucial debt
negotiations.
    Brazil, the third world's largest debtor, has suspended all
interest payments on its 109 billion dlrs of foreign debt. Many
of the major U.S. Banks, including Citibank, have already said
they might have to put their Brazil loans on a cash basis and
take the financial losses, which could total billions of
dollars.
    This would be required by U.S. Banking regulations if the
interest payments are more than 90 days overdue.
    However, the U.S. Banks are not the only ones threatened by
regulations. In the U.K., A proposed Inland Revenue ruling
would affect the tax treatment of certain types of loans, many
of which are made to Latin American countries.
    Basically, the ruling wants to limit the tax credit a bank
can claim for tax withheld by foreign governments on loan
interest payments.
    The British banks are planning to fight the proposals as
their implementation could prove extremely costly, not just in
terms of compliance but in limiting future business.
 REUTER

China and Portugal today initialled a
joint declaration under which the 400-year-old colony of Macao
will be handed over to Peking on December 20, 1999, the
official New China News Agency reported.
    Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco Silve said in
Lisbon yesterday that China had promised that Macao's existing
political, economic and social system will be maintained until
the year 2050.
    Macao, across the Pearl River estuary from Hong Kong, has a
population of about 400,000.
 Reuter

Shr 34 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 16.7 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Sales 678.7 mln vs 531.0 mln
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    1st half
    Shr 81 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 39.5 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Sales 1.71 billion vs 1.35 billion
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    NOTE: Twelve and 28-week periods.
 Reuter

Iomega Corp said it has signed a
four-year agreement to supply Beta-20 disk drives with
removable cartridges to &lt;Leading Edge Hardware Products Inc>.
    Value was not disclosed.
    The company said shipments will stgart in the second
quarter of 1987.
 Reuter

Treasurer Paul Keating forecast
economic growth at slightly under two pct in the financial year
ending June this year, down from the 2.25 pct forecast
contained in the 1986/87 budget delivered last August.
    Australia's terms of trade also fell, by 18 pct, over the
past two years, he told Parliament. Terms of trade are the
difference between import and export price indexes.
    Despite the figures, the budget forecast of about 1.75 pct
annual growth in employment would be met, Keating said.
    Unemployment is currently at 8.2 pct of the workforce.
    "This government is dragging Australia through a trading
holocaust the kind of which we have not seen since the Second
World War," Keating said.
    "We are not pushing this place into a recession. We are not
only holding our gains on unemployment, we are bringing
unemployment down," he said, adding that the government had help
the country avoid recession.
 REUTER

Vicon Industries Inc said its
shareholders approved an amendment to divide its nine-member
board into three classes with staggered tenures.
    It also said shareholders expanded the indemnification
rights of the company's directors and officers.
    Both actions were taken at the company's annual
shareholders meeting, Vicon said.
 Reuter


fully-owned subsidiary Siemens Informations Systems Inc. Has
raised its stake in Telecom Plus Communications Inc. By 65 pct
to 100 pct, a Siemens spokesman said.
    He added that Telecom Plus Communications was the largest
independent supplier of telephone exchange systems in the U.S.
And had achieved a turnover of 234 mln dlrs in 1986.
   The stake had been acquired from Telecom Plus International
Inc. The spokesman declined to comment on U.S. Newspaper
reports that the purchase price of the remaining stake totalled
173 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

First Medical Devices Corp said
it has received a contract to sell EMT-defibrillation equipment
to Lane County, Ore., for undisclosed terms.
 Reuter


fully-owned subsidiary Siemens Informations Systems Inc. Has
raised its stake in &lt;Telecom Plus Communications Inc.> by 65
pct to 100 pct, a Siemens spokesman said.
    He added that Telecom Plus Communications was the largest
independent supplier of telephone exchange systems in the U.S.
And had turnover of 234 mln dlrs in 1986.
   The stake had been acquired from Telecom Plus International
Inc. The spokesman declined to comment on U.S. Newspaper
reports that the purchase price totalled 173 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Ionics Inc said it received a
20-year seawater desalination contract valued at more than 50
mln dlrs over the life of the contract from (Electrica
Maspalomas SA), a water utility in Grand Canary Island, Spain.
    The contract supplements a previously announced 15-year
contract to supply desalted brackish water in the same
geographical area. That contract is currently valued at 60 mln
dlrs.
    The stated value of the new contract excludes escalation
and possible future increases in capacity, Ionics said. It
calls for the supply of 1.7 mln gallons a day of drinking water
on Grand Canary Island in Spain.
 Reuter

The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
government securities market to arrange two billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements, a spokeswoman for the New York
Fed said.
    Federal funds were trading at 6-3/16 pct at the time of the
indirect injection of temporary reserves.
 Reuter

Gold share prices closed mixed to
slightly firmer in quiet and cautious trading, showing little
reaction to a retreat in the bullion price back to below 420
dlrs and a firmer financial rand, dealers said.
    Heavyweight Vaal Reefs ended eight rand higher at 398 rand
but Grootvlei eased 40 cents at 16.60 rand, while mining
financials had Gold Fields up a rand at 63 rand despite weaker
quarterly results. Other minings were firm but platinums eased.
    Industrials also closed mixed to firmer, the index once
again hitting a new high of 1757 from Friday's 1753 finish. The
overall index also hit a new high of 2188 versus 2179 on
Friday.
 REUTER


PEORIA ACTUAL LIVESTOCK RECEIPTS - USDA
            CATTLE  HOGS
 For April 8 
  WEEK AGO  200     2,000 
  YEAR AGO  100     2,400 
 Reuter



1000 hrs cdt
 MONTHS   LAST         DIFFERENCE
 Jul/May  3-1/4   over 3-1/2   over
 Dec/Jul  12-3/4  over 13      over
 Jul/Sep  4-3/4  under 5      under
 Sep/May  no quote     8-1/4   over
 Sep/Dec  no quote     8-1/4  under
 Dec/Mar8 no quote     no quote    
 May/Dec  16     under 16-1/2 under
 Reuter

American sports Advisors Inc
said it has agreed to sell its sports handicapping and
publication business to Professor Enterprises for about
1,650,000 dlrs and intends to liquidate after closing.
    The transaction is subject to shareholder approval.
    Professor is owned by American Sports president Edward C.
Horowitz and Mike Warren, it said.
 Reuter

slaughter cattle rose 0.50 dlr in
active trade, the usda said.
    stees - choice 2-4 1100-1400 lbs 66.00-67.00.
    heifers - load choice 3 near 1225 lbs 66.50. choice 2-4
950-1125 lbs 64.00-66.00.
 Reuter


LME LEAD AFT 2ND RING 1602 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Cash           308.0       --       --
 3 Months       301.5    301.0    302.0




NY COMEX GOLD 11:01
 APR7  4199 UP  14
 MAY7 UNTRD
 JUN7  4237 UP  11
 AUG7  4288 UP  15
 OCT7  4327 UP  10
 DEC7  4370 UP  9
 FEB8  4415 UP  8
 APR8 UNTRD
 JUN8 UNTRD
 AUG8 UNTRD
 OCT8 UNTRD
 DEC8 UNTRD
 FEB9 UNTRD




NY COFFEE 11:00

 MAY7  10200 OFF 4
 JUL7  10390 OFF 10
 SEP7  10580 OFF 25
 DEC7  10900 UNCH
 MAR8  11100 UP  50
 MAY8  11300 UP  50
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD



barrows and gilts rose 1.75 dlr in
active trade, the usda said. us 1-3 220-250 lbs 51.75-52.00.
 Reuter

MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7     285            UP  1 1/2
 JUL7 280 3/4            UNCH
 SEP7     277            UP      1
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


LOMDON LIFFE STERLING-DP CLOSE 1612 - APR 7
 MTH     LAST   HIGH     LOW   PR.SET
 Jun     9071   9079    9070     9078
 Sep     9096   9104    9096     9104
 Dec     9051   9056    9051     9051
 Mar     9089   9097    9089     9098
 Jun     9076   9076    9076     9083
 Sep     9055   9055    9055     9061
 Dec     9055   9055    9055     9061
 Mar     9027   9027    9027     9030



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 284 3/4            UP  1 1/4
 JUL7 280 1/4            OFF   1/2
 SEP7     277            UP      1
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

1000 hrs cdt
 MONTHS    LAST          DIFFERENCE
 May/Jul   0.34 under    0.35 under
 Jul/Aug   0.16 under    0.17 under
 Jul/Dec   0.78 under    0.77 under
 Aug/Sep   0.16 under    0.16 under
 May/Aug   no quote      0.52 under
 May/Dec   no quote      1.12 under
 Dec/Jan   no quote      no quote  
 Reuter

The dollar closed virtually unchanged
from yesterday's finish, but near the day's high after another
extremely quiet session.
    With the G-5 meeting in Washington ahead of this week's IMF
interim committee, traders remained reluctant to open any large
positions. Towards the end of the day the dollar firmed after
failing earlier to hold beneath 1.82 marks. Some dealers said
Senate testimony from Fed Chairman Paul Volcker also lent
support.
    The dollar closed at 1.8265/75 marks after opening at
1.8200/15 and closing yesterday at 1.8260/70.
    Volcker said that a further sizeable dollar decline could
be counter-productive, and that exchange rate adjustments have
been enough to narrow the U.S. Trade deficit.
    Such remarks in the past might have moved the dollar
sharply, today they only pushed it up 20 or 30 basis points
when it was already firming for technical reasons.
    The dollar in any case held in a narrow range today,
trading early in the morning just below 1.82 marks and rising
to a high of 1.8270.
    Dealers said they were awaiting comments after the G-5
meeting from U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker.
    Looking slightly further ahead, the market is awaiting U.S.
February trade data, due on April 14.
    Another set of disappointing figures could push the dollar
below its recent 1.80-85 mark range if there have been no
supportive statements from G-5 officials in Washington in the
meantime, dealers said.
    Sterling closed slightly easier at 2.950/954 marks, after
opening at 2.951/955 and closing yesterday at 2.954/958.
    The pound has been buoyed by expectations the ruling
Conservatives will win the next U.K. Election.
    But dealers said sterling now looks high against the mark
and room for further gains must be limited.
    Many dealers believe sterling will enter the EMS joint
float after a U.K. Election. In this case, its ceiling could
well be at or near 2.95 marks, dealers said.
    The yen closed at 1.2550/70 marks per 100 after closing
yesterday at 1.2490/2510, and the Swiss franc firmed to
120.55/70 marks per 100 from 120.10/50.
    The French franc ended unchanged at 30.04/07 marks per 100.
 REUTER


LONDON LIFFE EURODOLLAR CLOSE 1610 - APR 7
 MTH     LAST   HIGH     LOW   PR.SET
 Jun     9333   9334    9330     9336
 Sep     9326   9328    9325     9330
 Dec     9318   9319    9317     9322
 Mar     9304   9305    9300     9308
 Jun     9284   9285    9283     9288
 Sep     9262   9262    9260     9267
 Dec     9240   9240    9238     9245
 Mar     9219   9219    9218     9224




LONDON LIFFE STERLING CLOSE 1612 - APR 7
 MTH     LAST   HIGH     LOW   PR.SET
 Jun    16100  16100   16100    16085
 Sep      ---    ---     ---    15985
 Dec      ---    ---     ---    15885
 Mar      ---    ---     ---    15784



CBT soybean futures opened steady, with
new crop slightly firmer, then rallied further to hold gains of
one cent to three cents per bushel higher in light early
dealings.
    A firmer Gulf soybean basis this morning, strength in corn
futures and delays in the Brazilian soybean harvest supported
soybean futures, despite a disappointing drop in the weekly
soybean export figure yesterday afternoon, traders said.
    A local professional house and a local house were the
featured buyers of July, with sellers scattered and small-lot,
pit brokers said.
 Reuter

Pork belly (bacon) futures ran up for
gains of 0.55 to 0.30 cent at the start and then eased to trade
0.15 cent lower to 0.15 higher in early dealings.
    Active local carryover demand and mixed commission house
buying lifted futures at the start. Higher cash hog markets on
light runs and spillover from other meat pits prompted support,
traders said.
    However, locals turned sellers along with Saul Stone and
Paine Webber and prices turned mostly lower. Trimming of gains
in other pits and expectations of possibly negative out of town
storage report this afternoon weighed on the market. Guesses on
the report ranged from in 1.0 to 2.25 mln lbs with most
indications on the high side, they noted.
 Reuter

Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said a restrictive monetary policy would be damaging to
investment and that a better course would be to restrain
spending.
    "A restrictive monetary policy would hit investment. You
don't want to put interest rates up unless you have to," Volcker
told the Senate Banking Committee.
    "That is not a constructive way to proceed," he said.
    Volcker said that given a choice between squeezing the
budget deficit or squeezing investment, he would favor
squeezing the budget deficit.
    In response to a question about banks, Volcker said he
would be pleased if Congress decided to give banks a tax
writeoff as an incentive for them to take greater reserves
against loans to debtor countries.
    "If you give a tax writeoff for reserving against loans,
then we will see more reserving and that would make me happy,"
Volcker told Committee Chairman Sen William Proxmire (D-Wisc).
 Reuter


CME 11:15  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.60 UP  0.20
JUN7  64.97 OFF 0.05
AUG7  60.75 OFF 0.12
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.00 OFF 0.10
MAY7  68.12 OFF 0.10
AUG7  66.50 UP  0.10
HOGS
APR7  50.12 UP  0.30
JUN7  48.80 UP  0.33
JUL7  47.30 UP  0.43
BELLIES
MAY7  66.25 OFF 0.15
JUL7  64.77 OFF 0.08
AUG7  61.75 UP  0.15
FEB8  56.10 UP  0.50



6627
 Sep      ---    ---     ---     6041


LONDON EC BARLEY/WHEAT CLOSING - APR 7
      BARLEY               WHEAT
  May 114.65           May 122.80
  Sep  99.85           Jul 125.50
  Nov 102.45           Sep 101.20
  Jan 105.05           Nov 103.40
  Mar 107.50           Jan 106.35
  May 109.40           Mar 108.75
                       May 111.40
  ALL VALUES
 SALES
 BARLEY   24
 WHEAT   197



5507
 Sep      ---    ---     ---     4885

1000 hrs cdt
 MONTHS   LAST          DIFFERENCE
 May/Jul  1      under  1      under
 Jul/Aug  even          even        
 Sep/Nov  1-1/2  under  2-1/2  under
 May/Nov  2-1/2   over  2-1/4   over
 Jul/Nov  3-1/2   over  3-1/2   over
 Nov/Jan  6-3/4  under  6-3/4  under
 Aug/Sep  no quote      5       over
 Mar/May8 no quote      no quote    
 Jan/Mar8 no quote      no quote    
 Reuter


NASDAQ COMP 11:01
COMP   437.49   OFF 0.29




N.Y. METALS FUTURES ESTIMATED VOLUMES- APRIL 7
 Time      10.00  11.00
 Silver     8000  13000
 Copper      900   1700
 Gold       4500   8000
 Aluminum      0      1
 Palladium  ----    190
 Platinum   ----   2226
 Reuter



Gold and silver closed off the day's
highs on profit-taking, but silver, which continued to set the
pace, remained well up on yesterday's close, dealers said.
    Underlying speculative demand for silver remained strong
but profit-taking eroded the gains, taking the metal off
indicated highs at around 6.80 dlrs to close at 6.64/66 dlrs an
ounce. Yesterday's close was 6.52/54 dlrs.
    Some investors were noted selling gold and switching into
silver. This combined with profit-taking to push gold down to a
close of 418.50/419.00 dlrs from its opening 421.80/422.20 and
yesterday's 421.50/422.00.
    Dealers said it was unclear if the silver rally had peaked
or if fresh gains could be achieved in New York.
    "A lot depends on the Dow Jones index," one dealer commented.
"Further gains in stock prices would take away a lot of the
support for silver and gold."
    Platinum ended 50 cents higher at 563/567 dlrs.
 REUTER


CBT 11:10 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  287 1/2 UP  1 1/4
JUL7  273 UP   1/4
SEP7  273 1/2 UP   1/2
DEC7  279 1/4 UP  1 1/4
MAR8  278 1/4 UP  1
CORN
MAY7  160 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  163 1/2 UP  1 3/4
SEP7  168 1/4 UP  2
DEC7  176 3/4 UP  2
MAR8  183 1/4 UP  1 1/2
OATS
MAY7  149 1/2 OFF  1/2
JUL7  138 OFF  1/2
SEP7  128 3/4 UP   1/2
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  501 1/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  502 1/4 UP  2
AUG7  502 1/2 UP  3
SEP7  497 1/2 UP  3 1/2
NOV7  499 UP  3
JAN8  505 1/2 UP  3
MEAL
MAY7  1455 UP  2
JUL7  1455 UP  4
AUG7  1455 UP  5
SEP7  1458 UP  7
OCT7  1457 UP  6
OIL
MAY7  1556 UP  13
JUL7  1591 UP  13
AUG7  1608 UP  13
SEP7  1623 UP  12
OCT7  1635 UP  10



Portugal's "flag carrier" airline TAP has
confirmed an order for three Airbus Industrie &lt;AINP.PA>
A310-300 passenger aircraft, British Aerospace Plc &lt;BAEL.L>
(BAe), one of four shareholders in the international Airbus
consortium, said.
    BAe said in a statement TAP had also taken options on
another two Airbus aircraft, either the existing A310-300
medium range craft or the long-range four-engined A340 which
Airbus hopes to launch in 1992, depending on the airline's
needs.
    BAe said the firm order confirmed a commitment taken by TAP
in January. Details of the value of the contract, delivery
dates or which engine would power the aircraft were not
available.
 Reuter

World sugar futures tumbled early when
sell stops were triggered at 6.60 and 6.55 cents basis the spot
contract, traders said.
    Spot May dropped 0.27 cent to 6.52 cents a lb. It opened at
6.72 cents.
    Trade houses worked both sides of the market, analysts
said.
    The decline may have been a continued reaction to the
market's inability yesterday to breach resistance around 6.93
cents basis May, which unsettled traders, analysts said.
    The market should draw support from buying tenders slated
for tomorrow and Saturday, they said.
 Reuter

barrow and gilt prices rose 1.00 dlr in
active trade, the usda said. us 1-3 220-260 lbs 51.00-51.50.
 Reuter

1000 hrs cdt
 MONTHS    LAST         DIFFERENCE
 May/Jul   0.10  over   0.10  over
 Jul/Aug   no quote     even      
 Jul/Dec   no quote     1.40 under
 Oct/Dec   no quote     1.40 under
 Dec/Jan   no quote     0.60 under
 Oct/Jan   no quote     2.00 under
 Reuter

Live Hog futures ran up for gains of
0.57 to 0.07 cent in eary trade paced by April and June.
    Fairly active demand reflected strength in cash hogs and
the continued discount of futures to cash. The start of
fieldwork limited farmer movement of hogs to market and
prompted packers to bid up for hogs. Mostly steady to firm cash
pork products added to support, traders said.
    However, prices slipped from the highs in latest trade as
commercial profit-taking developed. Some selling was also
attributed to expectations that cash ham prices will be falling
soon on a seasonal basis, they said.
    Thomson and RBH bought while Packers Trading and Refco
sold. Stotler spread long June/short April, they added.
 Reuter


CBT 11:01 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  288 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  273 UP   1/4
SEP7  273 1/2 UP   1/2
DEC7  279 UP  1
MAR8  278 1/4 UP  1
CORN
MAY7  159 3/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  163 UP  1 1/4
SEP7  167 1/2 UP  1 1/4
DEC7  176 UP  1 1/4
MAR8  183 UP  1 1/4
OATS
MAY7  150 UNCH
JUL7  138 OFF  1/2
SEP7  128 1/4 UNCH
DEC7  134 1/2 UP   1/2
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  501 1/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  502 1/4 UP  2
AUG7  502 1/2 UP  3
SEP7  497 UP  3
NOV7  498 3/4 UP  2 3/4
JAN8  505 1/4 UP  2 3/4
MEAL
MAY7  1456 UP  3
JUL7  1457 UP  6
AUG7  1455 UP  5
SEP7 UNTRD
OCT7  1455 UP  4
OIL
MAY7  1554 UP  11
JUL7  1589 UP  11
AUG7  1605 UP  10
SEP7  1620 UP  9
OCT7  1635 UP  10



Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said reducing the federal budget deficit was a more
important goal for Congress than drafting trade legislation.
    "Reduce the budget deficit," Volcker responded when asked by
a member of the Senate Banking Committee about trade
legislation priorities.
    "If you don't deal with the budget deficit, everything else
you do is going to be counterproductive," he said.
 Reuter


CME 11:01  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.57 UP  0.17
JUN7  64.92 OFF 0.10
AUG7  60.75 OFF 0.12
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.00 OFF 0.10
MAY7  68.05 OFF 0.17
AUG7  66.50 UP  0.10
HOGS
APR7  50.10 UP  0.28
JUN7  48.75 UP  0.28
JUL7  47.25 UP  0.38
BELLIES
MAY7  66.15 OFF 0.25
JUL7  64.70 OFF 0.15
AUG7  61.65 UP  0.05
FEB8  56.00 UP  0.40




CBT REGISTRATIONS - APRIL 7
 AS OF 0945 CDT
 SOYOIL            7,099 UNC
 SILVER 1,000 OZ  13,943 UNC
        5,000 OZ     203 UNC
 GOLD 100 OZ 42 UNC  3-KG 42 UNC  1-KG 658 UNC
 CERTIFICATES OUTSTANDING
 SOYBEAN MEAL          0 UNC
 CENTRAL               0
 MID-SOUTH             0
 MISSOURI              0
 EASTERN IOWA          0
 NORTHEAST             0
 NORTHERN              0
 Reuter




CBT METALS REGISTRATIONS - APRIL 7
 AS OF 0945 CDT
 SILVER 1,000 OZ  13,943 UNC
        5,000 OZ     203 UNC
 GOLD   100 OZ        42 UNC
        3-KG          42 UNC
        1-KG         658 UNC
 Reuter



Cattle in the panhandle area monday
were 0.50 to 1.50 dlr higher. Trading was very active.
    Feedlots reported very good interest and inquiry from
buying sources. Confirmed sales of 22,700 steers and heifers
8,100 head. There were 37,900 head sold for the week to date.
    Steers - good and mostly choice 2-3, 70-85 pct choice,
1025-1150 lb 69.00-70.00, late mostly 69.50-70.00.
    Heifers - near 350 head mostly choice 2-3 1000 lb 68.25.
Good and mostly choice 2-3 950-100 lb 66.50-68.00, late mostly
67.00-68.00.
 Reuter


NY COMEX ALUMINUM 11:01
        LAST CHANGE
APR7    UNTRD
MAY7    6150 UNCH
JUN7    UNTRD
JUL7    UNTRD
SEP7    UNTRD
DEC7    UNTRD
JAN8    UNTRD
FEB8    UNTRD
MAR8    UNTRD
MAY8    UNTRD
JUL8    UNTRD
SEP8    UNTRD
DEC8    UNTRD
JAN9    UNTRD




NY SUGAR 11 1100

 MAY7  662 OFF 17
 JUL7  678 OFF 15
 SEP7  696 OFF 12
 OCT7  699 OFF 14
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  739 OFF 16
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8  780 OFF 3




PRSFRENCH GRAINS - APR 07
 Prices in ff per 100 kilos. Cumulative monthly supplements of
17.40 ff per ton to be added from august 1986 onwards.
    Soft wheat- dlvd ROUEN APR 130.50 PAID,  MAY 130.25 PAID.
LA PALLICE APR/MAY 129.50 BYR. DUNKIRK APR 129.50 PAID.
    SOFT WHEAT - EX REGION EURE ET LOIR APR/OCT 126 PAID.
CHALONS/MODANE APR/JUNE 122 BYR.
    SOFT WHEAT - FOB REGION METZ APR/JUNE 127 BYR/127.50 SLR.
    Feed barley - dlvd ROUEN APR/MAY 118.50 BYR/119 SLR.
    FEED BARLEY - EX REGION EURE ET LOIR APR/MAY 114.50 SLR.
CHALONS/MODANE APR/MAY 112.50 BYR.
    FEED BARLEY - FOB REGION METZ APR/MAY 116 BYR.
    CORN - DLVD BAYONNE APR/JUNE 132.50 BYR. BORDEAUX APR/JUNE
134 BYR. TONNAY/CHARENTES APR/JUNE 131.75 BYR.
   CORN - EX REGION EURE ET LOIR 126 TO 127 NOMINAL. MARNE
APR/JUNE 127 NOMINAL.
   CORN - FOB REGION METZ APR/JUNE 132.50 BYR. CREIL
APR/MAY/JUNE 128 PAID,  JUL/AUG/SEP 129/129.50 PAID. REUTER




HOSPITAL CORP OF AMERICA, 100,000 AT 38-1/2, UNCH, ALL BUYSIDE
BY ABD SECURITIES ON THE BOSTON EXCHANGE




LONDON LIFFE YEN CLOSE 1610 - APR 7
 MTH     LAST   HIGH     LOW   PR.SET
 Jun     6918   6928    6918     6878
 Sep     6964   6964    6962     6923




Stockholm exchanges clsg apr 6 stg 10.2807 10.2872 us 6.3540
6.3560 dmk 348.3170 348.4840 ffr 104.6787 104.7981 sfr 419.8216
420.2314 bfr con 16.8139 16.8281 dfl 308.7313 308.9186 dkr
92.4016 92.4643 nkr 93.1262 93.1965 lit 0.4889 0.4893 aus sch
49.5438 49.5788 can 4.8611 4.8645 yen 4.3730 4.3774



Feeder Cattle futures advanced 0.20 to
0.30 cent at the start and posted new season's highs in April
through August and October before slipping to trade 0.10 cent
lower to 0.20 higher in latest trade.
    Futures ran up to new highs at the start on general demand
prompted by continued strong cattle fundamentals. Posting of
another 10 cent gain in the latest reported average feeder
steer price added to support, traders said.
    However, prices retreated on profit-taking following the
lead of other meat pits. Stotler notably sold April on the
decline, they said.
 Reuter


******HONEYWELL BULL INTRODUCES HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTERS FOR MEDIUM, LARGE FIRMS
Blah blah blah.




LME COPPER AFT 2ND RING 1617 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Std Cash          --       --       --
 3 Months          --       --       --



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 284 3/4            UP  1 1/4
 JUL7 280 1/4            OFF   1/2
 SEP7     277            UP      1
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

As pressure mounted on British Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher to call a June election, she said
today that the decision on when to go to the county was hers
and hers alone.
    She was speaking to parliament after senior members of the
ruling Conservative Party urged her to call elections due in
June 1988 a year early in the wake of two more opinion polls
giving her party a commanding lead.
    Asked by a Conservative back-bencher for an assurance that
the decision was hers alone, and did not depend on "media hype,
pressure and speculation," she replied: "The date of the next
election will be decided by Downing Street, not Fleet Street."
    Downing Street is the Prime Minister's official residence,
Fleet Street the traditional home of the British national
press.
    A Harris poll for the breakfast-time program TV-AM gave the
Tories 43 pct of the vote, representing a majority of 132 seats
in parliament, their biggest lead since the party's landslide
victory in the 1983 elections.
    In The Times of London, a MORI poll gave the Tories a 92
seat majority. It was the sixth poll to show the ruling party
with a big lead over the opposition Labour Party and the
fast-improving centrist Alliance.
    Leading the chorus urging Thatcher to go to the polls in
June, Sir Marcus Fox, vice-chairman of the influential 1922
committee of Conservative back-benchers, said: "I have always
felt that it would be June, and this reinforces my view.
    "I always thought June was right. We have got most of our
legislation through and to go beyond that I do not think would
be in the national interest."
    Another Tory back-bencher, Anthony Beaumont-Dark, said: "I
have always been an October man, but I think it would be good
to get it out of the way now."
    Their comments came as government officials dismissed
speculation about a snap election to coincide with local polls
in May, timed to reap maximum advantage from the recent
popularity surge, Thatcher's successful trip to Moscow and
Labour's current popularity slump.
    Calls for a May poll were also prompted by Tory concern
over a steady advance by the Alliance, and the possibility that
if it continues it could rob the Conservatives of an overall
majority in parliament.
    Today's MORI poll showed an Alliance gain of eight points
over the past month in around 100 key marginal seats where the
outcome of the next election is likely to be decided.
 Reuter


LME ZINC AFT 2ND RING 1607 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Hg Cash           --       --       --
 3 Months          --    456.0    457.0



Sweden's Telefon AB L.M. Ericsson
&lt;ERIC.ST> said it has won its third contract from U.S. West Co
Inc &lt;WST> for digital exchange equipment to be supplied in the
state of Idaho over the next five years.
    No financial details were available. The company said the
contract provided for the replacement of more than 50 older
exchanges run by &lt;Mountain Bell>, one of U.S. West's three
operating companies, with Ericsson's AXE system.
 Reuter

N.Y. coffee futures were marginally
firmer midmorning, trading in ranges of no more than 0.50 cent.
    May was up 0.16 cent at 102.20 cents at 1052 hrs EST, in a
range of 102.00 to 102.50 cents. July was up 0.15 at 104.15
cents in a 35-point range.
    Traders said reports that the U.S. State Department does
not forsee a meeting with Brazil prior to the next
International Coffee Organization session in September did not
affect the market as the news was expected.
    Operators are watching the cash market for indications of
roaster interest or producer selling.
 Reuter


LONDON DOLLAR FLUCTUATIONS 1600 - APRIL 7
 STG 1.6177/82
 DMK 1.8235/45
 SFR 1.5120/30
 DFL 2.0578/88
 FFR 6.0650/0700
 YEN 145.20/30
 LIT 1299/1301
 BFC 37.76/81




BANK OF ENGLAND STERLING INDEX - CLOSING APRIL 7
 72.3 AFTER NOON 72.3
 (PREVIOUS CLOSE 72.4   )




AMEX-CONSOLIDATED 1100 ACTIVES

  364,200 WESTERN DIG        25 7/8 UP   1 1/4
  230,200 WANG LAB B         15 1/2 UP     1/8
  223,800 WICKES COS          4 1/8 OFF    1/8
  190,600 ALZA CP            37 1/2 UP   1 7/8
  187,900 TEXAS AIR          41 1/2 OFF  1

      ADVANCES    247   DECLINES    152




******VOLCKER SAYS RESTRICTIVE MONETARY POLICY WOULD HURT INVESTMENT
Blah blah blah.



Barrow and gilts in the east and
west were 1.00 to 1.50 dlr higher than monday's midsession. Top
50.50 dlrs per cwt.
                    EAST          WEST
U.S. 1-2 210-250 LB 49.50-50.50   49.50-50.50
U.S. 1-3 210-250 LB 49.50-50.50   49.50-50.50
U.S. 1-2 200-210 LB 48.50-49.50   48.50-49.50
    SOWS - steady/up 2.00 dlrs. Top 46.00 dlrs.
US 1-3 300-500 lb 42.00-43.00, over 500 lb 43.00-46.00 dlrs.
 Reuter


NYSE-CONSOLIDATED 1100 ACTIVES

4,969,500 GCA CP               7/32 OFF   1/32
2,163,900 BELLSOUTH          39 3/8 OFF    1/8
2,058,500 TEXACO             34 1/8 UP     1/2
1,152,200 OKLAHO G&amp;E         32 1/2 OFF    3/4
  939,700 UNITED AIR         65     OFF    3/4
  929,900 USX CORP           29 5/8 UP     3/8
  918,100 GEN MOTORS         83 5/8 UP   2 1/8
  917,500 FORD MOTOR         91 1/4 UP   1 1/8
  755,700 DELMARVA           30 1/4 OFF    1/8
  732,200 CAESARS            31 1/4 UP     5/8

      ADVANCES    636   DECLINES    525



barrow and gilt prices rose 1.00 to 2.00
dlrs in very active trade, the usda said. us 1-3 220-260 lbs
51.50-52.00.
 Reuter

CBT wheat futures opened firmer to again
set new contract highs in new crop, then back off those highs
to hold gains of 1-1/4 cents per bushel in May, with new crop
July unchanged in light early dealings.
    Steady speculative buying after yesterday's strong close
kept the chart picture very bullish and supported initial
values, traders said.
    Rumors that exporters are planning to ship SRW wheat out of
Toledo and/or Chicago, further tightening already low
deliverable stocks, kept May firm relative to new crop months,
they added.
    However, the rally failed to follow-through due to the lack
of confirmed export sales of significant quantities of U.S.
wheat so far this week, as some traders expected.

 Reuter


U.S. POSTED PRICES REPORT (DLRS/BBL)
 COMPANY....EFFECTIVE DATE..W.T.I.....W.T.S...LT LOUISIANA
 AMOCO.......2/23/87........17.50.....16.60....17.85
 ARCO........4/06/87........18.00.....17.10....18.35
 CHAMPLIN....1/12/87........17.50.....17.00....17.85
 CHEVRON.....2/04/87... ....17.50.....17.50....17.85
 CITGO.......3/12/87........17.50.....17.50....17.85
 COASTAL.....3/12/87........17.50.....16.60.........
 CONOCO......3/09/87........17.50.....16.60....17.85
 DIAMOND.SH..3/12/87........17.50...................
 EXXON.......3/12/87........17.50.....16.60....17.85
 MARATHON....3/12/87........17.50.....17.50....17.85
 COMPANY....EFFECTIVE DATE..W.T.I.....W.T.S....LT LOUISIANA
 MOBIL......2/10/87.........17.50.....17.50....17.85
 MURPHY.....3/12/87.........17.50.....17.50....17.85
 PERMIAN....3/12/87.........17.50.....17.50....17.85
 PHILLIPS...3/12/87.........17.50.....17.50.........
 SHELL......1/20/87.........18.11.....17.23....17.89
 SUN........3/12/87.........17.50.....17.50....17.85
 TEXACO*....4/01/87............................17.85
 UNION......3/12/87.........17.50.....17.50....17.85
  * Deleted West Texas-New Mexico postings.



Rich Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Reuters Holdings PLC of London, said it completed installation
of a 20 mln dlr trading system for Merrill Lynch and Co Inc
&lt;MER> in New York.
    The company said its Composite Information System was
designed and installed for Merrill Lynch in the investment
firm's World Financial Center offices in downtown Manhattan.
    The system, which offers access to financial news, in-house
computers, commercial television and other services, includes
479 equity positions, 614 in the debt area and 152 municipal
markets positions, the company said.
 Reuter

The dollar remained confined in the same
narrow range in quiet trading, benefitting only slightly from
comments by Fed Chairman Paul Volcker that further sizeable
dollar losses would be counter-productive, dealers said.
    It finished at 1.5140/50 Swiss francs after opening at
1.5128/38 and closing yesterday at 1.5185/95.
    "Volcker's remarks produced some buying interest but most
people were still waiting to see what comes out of the finance
ministers' meetings in Washington," one dealer said.
    Other currencies lost ground against the Swiss franc.
    Sterling eased after advancing sharply yesterday on
expectations of an early U.K. General election. The pound ended
at 2.4469/4501 francs compared with 2.4547/4578 yesterday.
    The mark slipped to 82.83/93 centimes from 83.11/21 and the
French franc dipped to 24.90/94 from 24.98/25.02.
 REUTER

The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
adjusted the rates on its short-term discount notes as follows:
    MATURITY   NEW RATE  OLD RATE  MATURITY
  30-176 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct   30-176 days
 177-195 days  5.85 pct  5.83 pct  177-195 days
 196-271 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  196-271 days
 272-295 days  5.93 pct  5.91 pct  272-295 days
 296-341 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  296-341 days
 342-346 days  5.90 pct  5.90 pct  342-346 days
 347-360 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  347-360 days
 Reuter

Shr eight cts vs seven cts
    Net 215,821 vs 196,873
    Sales 3,112,571 vs 2,649,003
 Reuter

The Oxford Energy Co said it received
final approval from the Connecticut Department of Public Utiliy
Control of a power contract for the company's tire burning
energy plant to be located in Sterling, Conn.
    The Oxford facility has an estimated total cost of
approximately 70 mln dlrs, and is expected to start
construction during the second half of 1987. Construction of
the project is subject to the receipt of various state and
local permits, the company said, and the arrangement of
financing.
    Under the terms of the order, issued by the Connecticut
Department of Publc Utility Control, Connecticut Light and
Power Co will be required to purchase the output of the
Sterling facility under a 25-year power purchase aagreemnt at
prices fixed by the contract formulas, the company said.
 Reuter

Net 12.3 mln vs 6,438,000
    NOTE: Company went public in March.
 Reuter


LONDON GOLD CLOSING - APRIL 7
 420.00/420.50 DLRS
 (Afternoon fix 418.50)
 Krugerrand 424.75/425.25




LONDON LIFFE GILTS CLOSE 1625 - APR 7
 MTH     LAST   HIGH     LOW   PR.SET
 Jun    12323  12419   12322    12407
 Sep    12323  12323   12323    12407
 Dec    12324  12324   12324    12408
 Mar      ---    ---     ---    12407
 Jun      ---    ---     ---    12208



Australian Industry Development Corp is
issuing a zero coupon eurobond with total redemption amount 30
mln Australian dlrs, lead manager Orion Royal Bank Ltd said.
    The issue matures on May 12, 1992 and is priced at 53-1/2
pct. It is available in denominations of 1,000 and 10,000
Australian dlrs and will be listed in Luxembourg. Payment date
is May 12.
    Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd, Commerzbank AG, Hambros
Bank Ltd and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets are co-lead
managers. There will be no co-managers. Fees total 1-3/8 pct.
 REUTER

Presidential Airways Inc saiud it has
sold 10 of its 11 Boeing 737's to Ryder System Inc &lt;RDR>, which
then leased seven of the planes Boeing Co &lt;BA> made planes back
to Presidential on a short-term basis.
    The company said it ended long-term leases on the planes.
The short-term leases will run up to eight months and the
aircraft will be returned to Ryder on completion of present
charter commitments, coincinding with the expected deliveries
of British Aerospace Bae146 jets.
    In Miami, Ryder said it will sell the three planes that
Presidedntial will not lease back to other airlines.
 Reuter

Swedish industry expects a rise in
both production and exports during this year, with engineering
and forest companies forecasting the largest increases, a
survey by the National Institute for Economic Research showed.
    The government institute said in the survey -- of 2,000
manufacturing companies -- that industry this year planned to
reduce both raw material and finished goods inventories.
    It said domestic demand was expected to be mainly unchanged
but that exports should rise significantly. The number of firms
operating at full capacity fell slightly, however, in the first
quarter, said the report, which gave no figures.
 REUTER


LME SILVER AFT 2ND RING 1632 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Large Cash        --    411.0    413.0
 3 Months          --    420.0    422.0
 Small Cash        --    411.0    413.0
 3 Months          --    420.0    421.0



Walker Telecommunications corp
said Teledial America has selected the fiber optic system
operated by Walker's Mutual Signal Corp subsidiary to carry
Teledial's traffic in Michigan and link interstate facilities
throughout the country.
 Reuter


NY COTTON 11:25
  MAY7 5610   UP   30
  JUL7 5520   UP   30
  OCT7 5525   UP   20
  DEC7 5510   UP   35
  MAR8 5615   UP   50
  MAY8 UNTRD
  JUL8 UNTRD
  OCT8 UNTRD




PRS PARIS/LE HAVRE COFFEE CLSG - APR 07
 May 1190/1209 ba
 Jul 1200 BID
 Sep 1250/1260 ba
 Nov 1250/1270 ba
 Jan 1255 BID
 Mar 1263 BID
 May 1266 BID
 Sales at call NIL accumulative total ELEVEN
 Yesterday's official turnover: 65
 STEADY




said it had signed a collaboration agreement with Nippon
Telegraph and Telephone Corp on the exchange of personnel and
information over a three-year period beginning April 7.
    The company said in a statement the plan is designed to
promote increased business activities of both firms.
    In a separate statement British Telecommunications said
that it had signed a two-year, eight mln Canadian dlr,
distribution agreement with &lt;Gandalf Technologies Inc> of
Canada to distribute its Mezza VoiceStation system in Canada
and the U.S.
 Reuter


CME 11:31  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.77 UP  0.37
JUN7  65.12 UP  0.10
AUG7  60.85 OFF 0.02
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.05 OFF 0.05
MAY7  68.20 OFF 0.02
AUG7  66.50 UP  0.10
HOGS
APR7  50.25 UP  0.43
JUN7  48.95 UP  0.48
JUL7  47.40 UP  0.53
BELLIES
MAY7  66.42 UP  0.02
JUL7  64.92 UP  0.07
AUG7  61.70 UP  0.10
FEB8  56.10 UP  0.50




NY COMEX COPPER 1130

 APR7 UNTRD
 MAY7  6270 UP  5
 JUN7 UNTRD
 JUL7  6245 UP  10
 SEP7  6265 UP  15
 DEC7  6290 UP  15
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  6340 UP  15
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD
 DEC8 UNTRD
 JAN9 UNTRD




NY COMEX SILVER 11:30

 APR7  6670 UP  122
 MAY7  6710 UP  130
 JUN7  6730 UP  113
 JUL7  6790 UP  136
 SEP7  6875 UP  145
 DEC7  6995 UP  157
 JAN8  7000 UP  124
 MAR8  7130 UP  184
 MAY8  7190 UP  165



slaughter cattle rose 0.50 to 1.00
dlr in active trade, the usda said.
    steers - choice 2-3 1100-1300 lbs 66.50-68.00.
    heifers - one load high dressing choice 3 near 1100 lbs
66.75. choice 2-4 975-1100 lbs 65.00-66.00.
 Reuter

barrow and gilt prices were mostly
1.00 dlr higher, instances up 1.25, few early sales steady to
up 0.50 dlr, in active trade, the usda said. top 51.50 dlrs per
cwt.
    us 1-3 220-260 lbs near 275 head 51.75.
    us 1-3 220-260 lbs 51.00-51.50, near 360 head early
50.50-51.00 and 200-220 lbs 50.00-51.00.
    sows - up 2.00 dlrs. us 1-3 500-650 lbs 47.50-48.00.
 Reuter

Spot tin on the European free market was
indicated in the range 4,200 to 4,230 stg per tonne, for high
grade metal in warehouse Rotterdam, down 10 stg from yesterday
afternoon.
    Traders said the market remained quiet with sales reported
between 4,230 and 4,210 stg and currency factors still tending
to weigh on the price structure.
    There was still no sign of significant fresh end-user
enquiry for second-quarter requirements, dealers said.
 REUTER


U.S SPOT PRODUCTS--MORNING--APRIL 07 1100 EST
    Spot oil product markets are firmer than yesterday, in thin
trading, brokers said. they said prices are up mainly on crude
strength because there is still little interest in moving cash
products.
    traders said product inventories are still ample and
players don't see any reason to buy right now.
    spot gasoline is stronger than two oil this morning,
gaining about 0.50 cent a gallon in nyh and 0.40 in the usg.
new york barrels were still about one cent under futures, at
52.45 cts/gal, while us gulf sellers were asking around a 1.60
discount, or 51.85.
    spot two oil rose 0.35 cent in ny harbor, to 49.35. usg two
oil is up 0.15 cent from monday, at 46.95.
 Reuter



 said its TKR Cable
Co joint venture with Tele-communications Inc has signed a
letter of intent to acquire cable television systems with
55,000 basic subscribers in Wildwood, N.J., and Ramapo and
Warwick, N.Y., from Tele-Communications for undisclosed terms.
 Reuter


LME UNOFFICIAL PRICES - APR 7
                 CASH         3 MONTHS
 COPPER -A-  909.50 910.00  879.00 879.50
 COPPER STD  861.00 861.50  858.00 860.00
 LEAD        308.00 309.00  301.00 302.00
 ZINC HG     457.00 458.00  456.00 457.00
 SILVER 10    411.0 413.0    420.0 422.0
 SILVER  2    411.0 413.0    420.0 422.0
 ALUMINIUM   868.50 870.00  803.00 803.50
 NICKEL        2335 2345      2355 2360
 REUTER



slaughter steers were firm to 0.50 dlr
higher in active trade and heifers fully steady amid limited
supply, the usda said.
    steers - choice 2-4 975-1250 lbs 64.00-65.50, package 2-3
1230 lbs 66.00.
    heifers - few lots choice 2-4 900-1075 lbs 61.50-63.00.
 Reuter


WALL STREET INDICES 1100

 NYSE COMPOSITE        171.45 UP  0.49
 NYSE INDUSTRIALS      208.40 UP  0.92
 S AND P COMPOSITE     303.22 UP  1.27

 NYSE-A VOLUME    95638000

 AMEX INDEX            343.81 UP  1.58

 AMEX-B VOLUME    6091300



Wall Street stocks staged a strong
rebound after being hurt by an early round of futures related
sell programs and profit taking. The advance was led by
automakers and a firm oil sector. Special situation stocks
Texaco and UAL were actively traded.
    The Dow Jones Industrial Average, down more than 10 points
in the first minutes of trading, stood at 2415, up 10 late this
morning. Advances led declines by only a slight margin on
volume of 77 mln shares. GM gained two to 83-1/2 and Ford one
to 91-1/8. Chrysler rose 1/4 to 58-1/2. Texaco gained 3/8 to 34
and UAL fell 5/8 to 65-1/8.
 Reuter


LME NICKEL AFT 2ND RING 1627 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Cash              --       --       --
 3 Months          --     2355     2360



Digital Transmission Inc is offering
400,000 units at 9.625 dlrs a unit, underwriter Muller and Co
Inc said.
    Net proceeds will be used for sales and marketing, research
and development, capital equipment and working capital.
    The underwriter has been granted an over-allotment option
to buy up to 60,000 more units. Each unit consists of four
shares of class A common stock and one class A common stock
purchase warrant.
    The stock and the warrants are not detachable or separately
tradeable until six months after the offering or an earlier
date that may be determined by the underwriter.
 Reuter

Up to 70 pct of the 240 finance
companies operating in Sweden are likely to be squeezed out
over the next few years by the deregulation of financial
markets, the Association of Swedish Finance Companies said.
    Association chairman Arne Ogren told a news conference that
a major restructuring of the sector was inevitable.
    Central Bank governor Bengt Dennis said when announcing the
deregulation in November 1985 that one of his main aims was to
give commercial banks a chance to compete on equal terms with
finance companies and so undermine Sweden's "grey market."
    Total credit granted by the Swedish finance companies rose
to 77 billion crowns in 1986 from 64.7 billion in 1985. This
includes leasing and is the equivalent of 19 pct of all
outstanding loans by the banking sector at end-1986.
    Ogren said that if proposals now being discussed by a
government-appointed inquiry into the credit market to license
finance companies and make them increase their share capital
were pushed through, up to 70 pct would disappear.
    But he said this would in fact have little effect on credit
volumes as the 42 biggest finance companies accounted for 70
pct of lending by the entire sector.
    The explosive growth of Swedish finance companies began in
the early 1970s and commercial banks even started their own to
get around the tight restrictions then imposed on banking
activities and particularly on the growth of lending.
    Now that they were on an equal footing with their parent
companies, many bank-owned finance companies faced an identity
crisis, Ogren said. He predicted there would be mergers and
individual firms would carve out specialised niches to ensure
their survival in a deregulated climate.
    Ogren said the sector's losses on bad loans were bound to
rise steeply in 1989-1990 due to the rush to increase credit.
 REUTER

U.S. energy futures traded consistently
above yesterday's closing prices in thin activity this morning
with underlying support from April 15-day forward North Sea
Brent crude, traders said.
    April Brent traded as high as 19.40 dlrs a barrel today, or
more than 1.00 dlr above May Brent prices, because of a supply
squeeze, according to traders.
    "U.S. energy futures are probably influenced by April Brent
more than anything else today," said John O'Connell, assistant
vice president at Refco, Inc.
    May crude was up 18 cts to 18.85 dlrs a barrel.
     "There is no reason to sell energy futures at these prices
because the fundamentals have not changed," said O'Connell,
adding that the OPEC pricing/production accord continues to
hold.
    Mixed trade participants dominated crude futures while
local traders were featured in products, traders said. They
said U.S. energy futures ran into resistance at today's highs.
    May heating oil was up 0.46 cent at 49.25 cts a gallon
after trading within a narrow 0.30-cent range. May unleaded
gasoline was up 0.61 cent to 53.55 cts a gallon, at the high
end of a 0.35-cent range.
 Reuter


CME 11:30  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.77 UP  0.37
JUN7  65.10 UP  0.08
AUG7  60.87 UNCH
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.05 OFF 0.05
MAY7  68.17 OFF 0.05
AUG7  66.50 UP  0.10
HOGS
APR7  50.20 UP  0.38
JUN7  48.90 UP  0.43
JUL7  47.40 UP  0.53
BELLIES
MAY7  66.40 UNCH
JUL7  64.90 UP  0.05
AUG7  61.70 UP  0.10
FEB8  56.10 UP  0.50




CBT SILVER 11:30 EDT
1,000 OUNCE
 APR7  6720 UP  150
 MAY7  6700 UP  100
 JUN7  6750 UP  110
 AUG7  6840 UP  120
 OCT7  6900 UP  100
 DEC7  7000 UP  120
 FEB8  7100 UP  140
 APR8  7200 UP  160
 JUN8  7300 UP  180
 AUG8 UNTRD



Polydex Pharmaceuticals Ltd said a U.S.
patent for an anti-wrinkle cream ingredient has been assigned
to the company by its chairman, Thomas C. Usher.
    The company said the pantent was granted to Usher for skin
permeable elastin.
 Reuter

MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 285 1/4            UP  1 3/4
 JUL7     281            UP    1/4
 SEP7     277            UP      1
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

Durakon Industries Inc said its
All Star Liner will be sold as the exclusive pickup truckbed
liner in Lowe's Cos Inc's 300 retail home center outlets in the
Southeastern U.S.
 Reuter

The inflow of long-term capital into
West Germany slumped to 606 mln marks in February from
January's record 11.91 billion, with foreign purchases of
German bonds and shares declining sharply, the Bundesbank said.
    While foreigners bought only four billion marks worth of
German bonds in February after 13 billion in January, they sold
a net 500 mln marks in shares and promissory notes of public
authorities after sales worth 300 mln in January.
    With German investors' purchases of foreign securities
steady around 1.3 billion marks, only 2.2 billion marks were
imported through securities transactions, after 11.2 billion.
    Direct investment abroad led to a capital outflow of 1.60
billion marks in February after 2.83 billion in January.
    There was a deficit of 8.14 billion marks in the short-term
capital account after a surplus of 194 mln in January.
    Banks alone exported some 8.6 billion marks in funds while
domestic companies increased their short-term financial assets
abroad by 700 mln. But public authorities received some one
billion marks from abroad, the Bundesbank said in a statement.
    Combining long and short term capital outflows, West
Germany recorded a net outflow of 7.53 billion marks in
February against a net inflow of 11.91 billion in January.
    The Bundesbank confirmed the German trade surplus widened
to 10.45 billion marks in February from January's 7.20 billion.
    Taking the two months together the seasonally adjusted
surplus was slightly below the figure for the previous two. In
terms of current as well as constant prices, the narrowing of
the surplus was progressing, the bank said.
    Germany's current account surplus widened to 6.63 billion
marks in February from 4.79 billion in January, but was down on
the 7.26 billion figure for February 1986. Seasonally adjusted,
the February current account surplus narrowed against January.
    While exports in February fell a half pct against the same
month last year, imports fell 10-1/2 pct largely due to the
drop in prices. Exports grew three pct in volume and imports
two pct.
    In the balance of services, a fall in net investment income
led to a 300 mln mark deficit in February after a 300 mln mark
surplus in January.
    The deficit in transfer payments widened to 3.70 billion
marks from 2.69 billion, largely due to a sharp jump to 2.3
billion marks from 200 mln in payments to the European
Community budget.
 REUTER


NY SUGAR 11 1130

 MAY7  670 OFF 9
 JUL7  689 OFF 4
 SEP7  696 OFF 12
 OCT7  710 OFF 3
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  747 OFF 8
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8  780 OFF 3



Honeywell Bull, a 1.9 billion dlr
computer systems company formed March 27 by Honeywell Inc
&lt;HON>, Compagnie des Machines Bull of France and NEC Corp of
Japan, said it introduced a line of high-performance computers
for medium and large companies.
    The company also unveiled software for the new systems to
facilitate patient care in hospitals and control inventory and
production in factories.
    Honeywell Bull said its new line includes five models in
the DPS 7000 family of 32-bit virtual memory systems that
support as many as 600 terminals and perform between 9,000 and
52,000 transactions an hour.
    Prices for the systems will range from 127,000 dlrs to more
than 1.0 mln dlrs.
    It said two integrated, modular software packages
introduced are specifically for operation on DPS 7000
computers.
 Reuter


N.Y. COMMODITY FUTURES ESTIMATED VOLUMES - APRIL 7
 Time                   11.00
 Coffee                   825
 Cocoa                    756
 Sugar 11                7040
 Sugar 14                  16
 Orange                  ----
 Cotton                  ----
 Sugar 11 options calls   364
 Sugar 11 options puts    115
 Reuter



General Electric Co said that EH
Industries, a joint effort between &lt;Westland Helicopter> of
England and the &lt;Augusta Group> of Italy, rolled out the first
prototype EH 101 helicopter in Yeovil, England.
    GE said the helicopter is powered by three GE
 T700 engines.
    The company added that the multi-mission EH 101 has naval,
utility and civil models. The latter two will be powered by
2,000 shaft horsepower CT7-6 engines being co-developed by GE,
&lt;Fiat Aviazione> and &lt;Alfa Romeo Avio>, GE said.
 Reuter

Rich Inc, wholly owned by Reuters
Holdings Plc &lt;RtrSY>, said it completed installation of a 20
mln dlr trading system for Merrill Lynch and Co Inc &lt;MER> in
New York.
    The company said its Composite Information System was
designed and installed for Merrill Lynch in the investment
firm's World Financial Centre offices in downtown Manhattan.
    The system, which offers access to financial news, in-house
computers, commercial television and other services, includes
479 equity positions, 614 in the debt area and 152 municipal
markets positions, the company said.
 REUTER

The African Development Bank (ADB) said
it increased its lending by 42.1 pct last year to 1.64 billion
dlrs from 1.15 billion dlrs in 1985.
    A bank statement said agriculture, set as the main growth
area in a five-year economic recovery program adopted in 1985
by African states, received 607 mln dlrs, 37 pct of the total.
    The ADB is made up of the bank itself, its financing
soft-loan arm, the African Development Fund (ADF) and the
Nigeria Trust Fund, another soft-loan institution.
    ADB president Babacar N'Diaye released a 1987 economic
report on Africa prepared by the ADB and the U.N. Economic
Commission for Africa (ECA), saying progress was being made
toward substantial increases in the bank's capital resources.
    He said an ad-hoc committee of the ADB board of governors,
comprising 18 African and non-African countries, recommended a
200 pct increase in the organisation's capital for 1987-91.
    He said such an increase would raise capital from around
6.55 billion dlrs to 19.66 billion dlrs, adding he was hopeful
the proposal would be adopted at the annual meetings of the
bank and fund, due to be held jointly in Cairo in June.
    He welcomed France's recent proposals to the Paris Club of
Western government creditors to extend repayment periods for
Third World debts and give better rescheduling terms.
    "The proposition represents a major step forward. But
African countries should not be the ones to ask for large-scale
debt write-offs," he said. Africa's total external debt was
estimated at 175 billion dlrs at the end of 1986.
    The ECA-ADB report said prospects would remain bleak for
African economies in 1987 but predicted Gross Domestic Product
(GDP) growth ranging between 2.5 and four pct, compared with
1.2 pct last year.
 REUTER

CBT soyproduct futures traded higher
early in sympathy with the unexpected strength in soybeans,
with soyoil up 0.13 to 0.16 cent per lb and soymeal 0.40 to
1.00 dlr per ton higher, traders said.
    A mostly steady tone in overseas vegetable oils and feeds
markets underpinned initial values here, they added.
    A local professional house seen buying July soybeans also
bought July soyoil, with Produce Grain a buyer of September,
pit brokers said. Continental Grain and E.F. Hutton bought July
soymeal, with sellers scattered and small-lot, they said.
 Reuter

Highwood Resources Ltd said it is not
aware of any material change in the company's affairs to
account for recent trading activity in the company's shares,
but said it anticipates being a future producer of minerals
used in electronic superconductors.
    Recent widespread publicity concerning superconductors
suggest a greatly increased demand for yttrium and lanthanide
minerals, Highwood said.
    The company said it is developing such deposits at Thor
Lake, Northwest Territories in cooperation with Hecla Mining
Co, of Idaho.
    Highwood Resources said the deposits contain beryllium,
yttrium, lanthanides, niobium and tantalum. It did not
immediately elaborate on estimated reserves on the property.
    Highwood shares traded earlier on the Toronto Stock
Exchange at 6-7/8, up 1/8, after climbing 1-1/8 in yesterday's
session.
 Reuter


CBT 11:20 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  287 3/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  272 1/2 OFF  1/4
SEP7  273 3/4 UP   3/4
DEC7  279 1/4 UP  1 1/4
MAR8  279 UP  1 3/4
CORN
MAY7  159 3/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  163 3/4 UP  2
SEP7  168 1/2 UP  2 1/4
DEC7  177 UP  2 1/4
MAR8  183 3/4 UP  2
OATS
MAY7  149 1/4 OFF  3/4
JUL7  138 1/4 OFF  1/4
SEP7  128 3/4 UP   1/2
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  501 3/4 UP  2
JUL7  503 UP  2 3/4
AUG7  503 UP  3 1/2
SEP7  497 3/4 UP  3 3/4
NOV7  499 3/4 UP  3 3/4
JAN8  506 3/4 UP  4 1/4
MEAL
MAY7  1456 UP  3
JUL7  1457 UP  6
AUG7  1458 UP  8
SEP7  1460 UP  9
OCT7  1460 UP  9
OIL
MAY7  1554 UP  11
JUL7  1588 UP  10
AUG7  1607 UP  12
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1642 UP  17



Shr 64 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 1,062,000 vs 585,000
    Sales 13.6 mln vs 9,262,000
 Reuter


NY COFFEE  11:30

 MAY7  10200 OFF 4
 JUL7  10400 UNCH
 SEP7  10600 OFF 5
 DEC7  10890 OFF 10
 MAR8  11100 UP  50
 MAY8  11300 UP  50
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7     285            UP  1 1/2
 JUL7     281            UP    1/4
 SEP7     277            UP      1
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


NY COMEX ALUMINUM 11:31
        LAST CHANGE
APR7    UNTRD
MAY7    6150 UNCH
JUN7    UNTRD
JUL7    UNTRD
SEP7    UNTRD
DEC7    UNTRD
JAN8    UNTRD
FEB8    UNTRD
MAR8    UNTRD
MAY8    UNTRD
JUL8    UNTRD
SEP8    UNTRD
DEC8    UNTRD
JAN9    UNTRD




LME COPPER AFT 2ND RING 1617 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Hg Cash        909.5    909.5    910.0
 3 Months       879.0    879.0    879.5



The records in turnover set by the London
International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE) in March could
be surpassed in the coming months, Liffe Chief Executive
Michael Jenkins said.
    Last month, Liffe saw record monthly futures volume at 1.15
mln lots, and record monthly options volume at 97,700. Total
Liffe volume in first quarter 1987 rose to 2.8 mln contracts,
or 89 pct up on the same 1986 period.
    Long gilt turnover in first quarter 1987 was 300 pct up on
the year-ago period at 1.63 mln lots versus 409,500. But T-bond
volume fell by 38 pct to 244,500 in first three months 1987.
    Jenkins told Reuters the higher volumes for gilts reflected
in part the volatility in the U.K. Markets in recent months,
while the falloff in T-bonds was an indication of the relative
stability of U.S. Credit markets.
    Jenkins said he saw room for the whole financial futures
sector to grow further in the coming months. In particular, FT-
SE 100 futures had great scope for expansion, and turnover in
them should be much higher by end 1987.
    FT-SE futures volume was 62,700 in first quarter 1987, an
increase of 124 pct over the 28,000 contracts recorded in the
same months of 1986.
    Institutions here had been slow to find out about the use
of stock exchange futures, but they would now learn more,
Jenkins predicted.
    Commenting on the difference in popularity between gilts
and bonds, Jenkins said Liffe had designed the widest possible
variety of contracts so that at any given time, at least one
sector would be volatile enough to attract trading. The current
situation of U.S. Markets being steady, and U.K. Ones
changeable, might alter completely in coming months.
    A further boost to Liffe's volume and attractiveness should
come with the introduction of yen bond futures, he added.
 REUTER


CBT 11:20 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  288 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  273 1/4 UP   1/2
SEP7  273 3/4 UP   3/4
DEC7  279 1/4 UP  1 1/4
MAR8  279 UP  1 3/4
CORN
MAY7  159 3/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  163 1/2 UP  1 3/4
SEP7  168 1/2 UP  2 1/4
DEC7  176 3/4 UP  2
MAR8  183 1/2 UP  1 3/4
OATS
MAY7  149 1/4 OFF  3/4
JUL7  138 1/4 OFF  1/4
SEP7  128 3/4 UP   1/2
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  501 3/4 UP  2
JUL7  502 3/4 UP  2 1/2
AUG7  503 UP  3 1/2
SEP7  498 1/2 UP  4 1/2
NOV7  500 UP  4
JAN8  507 UP  4 1/2
MEAL
MAY7  1457 UP  4
JUL7  1457 UP  6
AUG7  1458 UP  8
SEP7  1458 UP  7
OCT7  1460 UP  9
OIL
MAY7  1555 UP  12
JUL7  1598 UP  20
AUG7  1607 UP  12
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1642 UP  17



Shr profit 25 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net profit 998,000 vs loss 612,000
    Revs 8,086,000 vs 365,000
 Reuter


CBT 11:31 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  287 UP   3/4
JUL7  272 OFF  3/4
SEP7  272 3/4 OFF  1/4
DEC7  278 3/4 UP   3/4
MAR8  278 1/4 UP  1
CORN
MAY7  160 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  163 3/4 UP  2
SEP7  168 3/4 UP  2 1/2
DEC7  177 UP  2 1/4
MAR8  184 UP  2 1/4
OATS
MAY7  149 OFF 1
JUL7  138 OFF  1/2
SEP7  128 1/4 UNCH
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  501 1/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  502 1/4 UP  2
AUG7  502 1/4 UP  2 3/4
SEP7  497 3/4 UP  3 3/4
NOV7  499 UP  3
JAN8  506 UP  3 1/2
MEAL
MAY7  1456 UP  3
JUL7  1456 UP  5
AUG7  1458 UP  8
SEP7  1458 UP  7
OCT7  1460 UP  9
OIL
MAY7  1554 UP  11
JUL7  1588 UP  10
AUG7  1605 UP  10
SEP7  1622 UP  11
OCT7  1635 UP  10



Midway Airlines Inc said its March load
factor declined to 59.2 pct from 61.3 pct in the same year-ago
period.
    It said revenue passenger miles increased to 200.9 mln from
167.2 mln, and available seat miles rose to 339.5 mln from
272.9 mln.
    Year to date, Midway said its load factor declined to 56.1
pct from 57.8 pct. It said revenue passenger miles gained to
534.0 mln from 450.0 mln, and available seat miles went to
952.1 mln from 778.8 mln.
 Reuter

The European Commission has not taken a
decision on applications from the British government for the
release of 200,000 tonnes of intervention feed wheat onto the
British market in May and June, Commission sources said.
    They said last week's cereals management committee agreed
to release 70,000 tonnes of feed wheat through weekly tenders
between April 14 and May 26. It also indicated it planned to
allow the release of another 30,000 tonnes from April 23.
    However, it decided to leave consideration of the release
of further wheat until later.
    The British government had applied for the release of a
further 100,000 tonnes in both May and June from British
intervention stores to prevent market prices rising.
    However, the sources said, the Commission wanted to review
the market situation nearer the time before giving its
approval.
    The Commission was given new powers last year to control
the release of intervention cereals onto the market, the
sources noted.
    Following last week's committee meeting, the U.K. Ministry
of Agriculture said the Commission had given an assurance that
additional quantities of intervention wheat would be made
available in May and June. It also said that it was envisaged
that monthly releases would be at least 100,000 tonnes,
depending on the state of the market.
    This lead to the widespread assumption that the Commission
had actually approved the release of 300,000 tonnes during the
three months of April, May and June at last week's meeting.
 Reuter

Melridge Inc said its 50 pct
owned Conroy's Inc subsidiarey, which franchises flower shops,
has entered into an agreement for an affiliate of Public
Storage Inc to acquire and develop real estate for the
expansion of Conroy's franchise operations.
    The company said under the agreement, Public Storage will
obtain an undisclosed equity interest in Conroy's and Melridge
and undisclosed equity interest in the Public Storage affiliate.
 Reuter


LONDON COCOA SHIPMENTS CLOSING - APR 7
    GHANA Cocoa differentials based on London terminal prices,
stg per tonne cif U.K./N.E.
 SPOT     50 over May
 Mar/May  50 over May
 Apr/Jun  55 over Jul
 May/Jul  55 over Jul
 Jun/Aug  60 over Sep
 Jul/Sep  65 over Sep
 Oct/Dec  80 over Dec
 All nominal sellers



Cotton futures were steady this morning
on commission house buying. But trade selling was keeping gains
to a minimum, brokers said.
    There was no news, but brokers said the market is 
technically weak and in search of a bottom. Recent news of poor
export sales remained a damper, brokers said.
    Cotton for May delivery was up 0.25 cent at 56.05 cents a
lb in a 56.30 to 55.80 cent range.
    December delivery was up 0.40 cent at 55.15 cents.
 Reuter


PARIS COCOA BUTTER 17.32 - APR 07 (Unofficial Sterling
indications. Bid/Ask rate in French francs followed by Stg
conversion)
 May 2838/2843 ba           (9.8050/8200 )
 Jul 2888/2898 ba           (9.7810/8000 )
 Sep 2918/2928 ba           (9.7500/7700 )
 Dec 2968/2978 ba           (9.7250/7450 )
 Mar 2998/3008 ba           (9.6910/7160 )
 May 3048/3058 ba           (9.6800/7050 )




LONDON LIFFE U.S. T-BONDS CLOSE 1620 - APR 7
 MTH     LAST   HIGH     LOW   PR.SET
 Jun     9725   9731    9718     9802
 Sep     9623   9623    9623     9700
 Dec      ---    ---     ---    10012




LME ALUMINIUM AFT 2ND RING 1622 - APR 7
                 LAST    BUYER   SELLER
 Cash              --       --       --
 3 Months       803.5    803.5    804.0



barrow and gilt prices rose 0.50 dlr in
moderately active trade, the usda said.
    steers - choice 2-4 1100-1400 lbs 66.50-67.50, two loads
68.00-68.50.
    heifers - choice 2-4 975-1150 lbs 64.50-65.00, two loads
65.75-66.00.
 Reuter

Federal Resources Corp said it has
named John Kotts president and chief operating officer,
replacing Paul Hannesson, who remains chairman and chief
executive officer.
 Reuter

Colonial BancGroup said it and
The Liberty Bank of Pensacola, Fla., signed a letter of intent
for Colonial to acquire Liberty.
    Terms of the acquisition were not dislcosed.
    Colonial said the acquisition was its first move toward
acquiring and out-of-state bank under Alabama's regional
interstate banking law.
    Liberty has total assets of 35 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Environmental Power Corp said it has
signed a 50 year contract to sell power from its 12-megawatt
Allegheny River Lock and Dam Number Seven Project near
Kittanning, Pa., to Allegheny Power System Inc &lt;AYP>.
    The company said the project is expected to produce an
average electrical output of 55 mln kilowatt hours when
completed and is contingent on Environmental obtaining a
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission license.
    The company said it has also signed a 15-year contract to
sell all power to be generated by 2.6 megawatt hydroelectric
project at Falls Lake Dame near Raleigh, N.C., to Carolina
Power and Light Co &lt;CPL>.  The average expected annual
electrical output is 11 mln kilowatt hours.
 Reuter


 N.Y. SUGAR 11 VOL/OPEN INTEREST-APRIL 6
        VOL     OPEN      CHANGE
 MAY    4618   33737     up    84
 JLY    1415   19851     up    34
 SEP       6     130     up     2
 OCT    1334   25230     up    18
 JAN       2      55     up     2
 Mch     343   11256     up   113
 MAY       0      58     unch    
 JLY      51     826     up    45
Total  7,769  91,143     up   298



Barley futures closed 0.15 to 0.05 stg
per tonne higher and wheat 0.60 to 0.20 firmer. Barley turnover
was light at 47 lots, including 24 cross transactions, while
the wheat volume totalled 197 lots, of which 81 were self
trades.
    Traders said wheat futures continued to trade cautiously
but old crop values moved higher on short covering interest
with gains in physicals influencing sentiment. Barley showed
smaller gains in lighter trading.
 REUTER

Cash easier 3months barely steady 3000
(Total 6250) about half carries tonnes cash 909.50 3months
880.00 79.00 78.50 78.00 77.50 78.00 78.50 79.00
    COPPER STANDARD - Quiet 75 tonnes cash 861.00 3months nil
LEAD - Steady 2900 (3250) tonnes mainly carries cash 308.00
3months 301.50
    ZINC HIGH GRADE - Steady but quiet 750 (2500) tonnes mainly
carries cash nil 3months nil
    SILVER LARGE and SILVER SMALL - Nil
    ALUMINIUM - Barely steady 4650 (7850) tonnes mainly carries
cash nil 3months 805.50 04.00 03.50
    NICKEL - quiet nil (216) tonnes mainly carries cash nil
3months nil
 REUTER

Barrow and gilt prices gained 1.00 dlr
on moderate to good demand. Top 51.25 dlrs per cwt.
                COUNTRY         AT PLANT
 U.S. 1-2 210-240  49.25-50.00  50.00-51.25
 U.S. 1-3 240-260  48.25-49.00  49.00-50.25
 actual receipts yesterday       10,800
 estimated receipts today         6,500
 actual week ago                  8,800
 actual year ago                  9,100
 week to date estimates          17,300
 actuals week ago                18,400
 actuals year ago                19,100
 Reuter

Qtrly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 27
    Record April 20

The dollar was steady on the day but
slightly down on yesterday's late range in very quiet trading
with operators generally opting for caution ahead of this
week's monetary meetings in Washington, dealers said.
    The dollar was quoted at a late 6.0640/70 francs after a
fix at 6.0620, an early 6.0565/90 and yesterday's late
6.0710/30.
    The mark was quoted at a late 332.69/71 francs per 100
after a fix at 332.70, an early 332.72/75 and last night's
332.70/72 range.
 REUTER

Shares of Detroit automakers rose
sharply in active trading as investors scrambled to accumulate
the stocks in anticipation of postive announcements by Ford
Motor Co &lt;F> and General Motors Corp &lt;GM> at meetings to be
held at the end of the week, traders said.
    General Motors gained two points to 83-1/2 and Ford one to
91-1/8. Chrysler Corp &lt;C>, which is not expected to make any
major announcements this week, rose 1/4 to 58-1/2.
    "There is a little mystery coming at the end of the week
for the automakers," one trader said, "and in a bull market,
investors don't mind the mystery so much."
    Yesterday, GM's stock climbed 1-3/4 points on expectations
that the company might disclose some bullish news at a meeting
before analysts on April 9-10. A GM spokesman had no comment on
the meeting.
    GM chairman Roger Smith is expected to attend the meeting,
along with GM president James McDonald and other senior GM
executives.
     "The stock could be moving up just on the proximity of the
meeting, thinking GM will say something positive," analyst
Philip Fricke of Goldman Sachs said.
    Though he maintains a buy recommendation on GM, Fricke said
he cut 1987 earnings estimates for the company by 50 cts a
share to 7.30 dlrs a share because of the costs of incentive
programs. The company earned 8.21 dlrs a share in 1986.
     Monday, Ford closed 2-5/8 points higher as rumors
circulated that the company would announce a higher dividend
and a three-for-two stock split at it Thursday board meeting.
     A Ford spokesman said, "it is likely they will have a
dividend announcement." He said it is a board policy to make a
dividend announcement at the first board meeting of the
quarter, but he would not comment on any plans for a change in
the dividend or a stock split.
 Reuter


******SENIOR TREASURY AIDE SAYS PARIS PACT TO BE REVIEWED, U.S. THINKS IT SUCCESSFUL
Blah blah blah.



Kansai Electric Power Co Inc is issuing a 60
billion yen eurobond due April 30, 1994 paying a 4-5/8 pct
coupon and priced at 101 pct, lead manager Nomura International
Ltd said.
    LONDON - Sharp Corp is issuing a 200 mln dlr equity warrant
eurobond due April 27, 1992 paying two pct and priced at par,
lead manager Nomura International Ltd said.
    LONDON - Brierley Investments Overseas NV is issuing a 100
mln dlr eurobond due April 30, 1992 paying 8-1/4 pct and priced
at par, lead manager Banque Paribas Capital Markets said.
    LONDON - Showa Aluminium Corp is issuing a 100 mln dlr
equity warrant eurobond due April 23, 1992 paying an indicated
coupon of 2-1/8 pct and priced at par, lead manager Nomura
International Ltd said.
    LONDON - Nippon Shokubai Kagaku Kogyo is issuing an 80 mln
dlr equity warrant eurobond due April 30, 1992 paying an
indicated coupon of 2-1/8 pct and priced at par, lead manager
Nomura International Ltd said.
    PARIS - Caisse Centrale des Autoroutes is issuing a 120 mln
ECU 7-3/8 pct eurobond due May 15, 1995 at 101-3/4 pct, lead
manager Credit Lyonnais said.
    LONDON - Postipankki is issuing a 20 billion yen eurobond
due May 11, 1992 paying 4-1/2 pct and priced at 102-1/8 pct,
lead manager Nikko Securities Co (Europe) Ltd said.
    LONDON - Yamaichi International (Europe) Ltd said it is
effectively repackaging 137 mln dlrs of the U.K's four billion
dlr floating rate note issued last year into a five year fixed
rate yen note with a five pct coupon.
    LONDON - A unit of Banca Nazionale del Lavoro is issuing a
15 billion yen eurobond due May 12, 1992 paying 4-1/2 pct and
priced at 101-1/2 pct, market sources said. The joint
bookrunners are Tokai International and Daiwa Europe Ltd.
 REUTER

1100 hrs cdt
 MONTHS    LAST          DIFFERENCE
 May/Jul   0.34 under    0.35 under
 Jul/Aug   0.16 under    0.17 under
 Jul/Dec   0.78 under    0.80 under
 Aug/Sep   0.16 under    0.17 under
 May/Aug   0.51 under    0.52 under
 May/Dec   no quote      1.15 under
 Dec/Jan   no quote      0.05 under
 Reuter

CBT corn futures held gains of two to
2-3/4 cents per bushel in moderately light midsession trade.
    Yesterday's sharp jump in the weekly corn export figure to
about three times last year's weekly inspections, plus the
outlook for a continued active export pace due to the decline
in the U.S. dollar this year, supported nearbys, traders said.
    Diminished PIK-and-roll activity, compared with the active
pace seen last week, added to the more positive tone.
    Most dealers expect the contract lows in corn futures to
hold, with some looking for the improving chart picture to
support a further advance.
    A local house, Cargill, the Illinois Co-op, Refco and ADM
were the featured buyers of old crop May, with Drexel/Burnham a
steady buyer in new crop December, pit brokers said.
 Reuter


NYMEX PLATINUM 12:05
          LAST       P SETT
APR7  4670           5629
MAY7
JUN7                 5663
JUL7  5720           5686
OCT7  5758           5728
JAN8  5825           5771
APR8  5889           5816
JUL8  5900B 5950A    5866




LONDON STERLING FORWARDS CLOSE - APRIL 7
      1 MONTH        3 MONTHS      6 MONTHS     ONE YEAR
 US   52/49          133/128       228/223      407/397
 CAN  57/47          140/128       234/217      405/368
 DMK  163/152        439/421       810/793      1523/1489
 SFR  157/143        384/368       709/685      1326/1271
 DFL  138/126        367/348       677/658      1287/1242
 FFR  179/128        422/343       642/531      1081/862
 YEN  131/119        351/335       650/627      1230/1184
 LIT  18/05          -29/+11       -09/+78      70/211
 BFC  19/12          46/35         72/58        127/107



Spring wheat futures traded
unchanged to two cents higher at midsession as firm exporter
demand lent support, traders said. May stood 1-1/2 cents higher
at 2.85 dlrs.
    The 14 pct spring wheat cash basis was steady at 38 cents
over May amid increased receipts of 186 cars. Milling durum was
steady at 3.95 to 4.00 dlrs and terminal quality was unchanged
at 3.55 dlrs for Minneapolis and 3.80 dlrs Duluth.
    Other quotes were unchanged with Duluth sunseed at 7.80
dlrs, number one and two oats at 1.55 to 1.66 dlrs, feed barley
at 1.75 dlrs for Duluth and malting barley at 2.00 to 2.05
dlrs.
 Reuter


TORONTO INDICES 1200 - APRIL 7
 TSE 300      3895.8 up   14.6
 MEATLS/MIN   UNAV
 GOLDS        8714.4 up   83.7
 OIL/GAS      4169.1 up   32.2
 VOLUME: 19,540,629




(Consolidated-Bathurst Inc) said it
expects improvement in the pulp and paper sector shown in the
second half of 1986 to continue this year. The continued
improvement would be due to good market demand, better product
prices and high operating capacity, the company said in its
annual report.
    Consolidated-Bathurst, which reported operating profit of
104 mln dlrs last year on sales of 2.02 billion dlrs, said its
joint-venture acquisition of a market pulp mill at Castlegar,
B.C. last year broadens its product range and will contribute
to equity earnings.
    Last year's results were up from 1985 operating profit of
80 mln dlrs and sales of 1.73 billion dlrs.
    The company said it views its near-term prospects with
improved optimism.
    It said results from its Bridgewater newsprint mill in the
U.K. should improve greatly this year due to stronger capacity
and production and more favorable market conditions.
    It said it anticipates a return to profitability in 1987
for its Diamond-Bathurst Inc (DBH) subsidiary, which lost 6.2
mln U.S. dlrs and underwent a reorganization last year, and
expects higher sales and earnings for its other North American
packaging divisions.
    Consolidated-Bathurst said the outlook for its Europa
Carton unit is mixed. It said the effect of trade disputes
between the United States and the European Economic Community
on the West German economy and the higher value of the mark may
lead to increased costs which could not be offset by price
increases.
 Reuter


******MOODY'S MAY UPGRADE PUBLIC SERVICE INDIANA'S 1.1 BILLION DLRS OF DEBT
Blah blah blah.



slaughter cattle rose 2.00 dlrs, the
usda said.
    steers - choice 2-4 1030-1360 lbs 63.75-65.50.
    heifers - choice 2-4 976-1325 lbs 61.00-63.50.
 Reuter

slaughter steers were firm and heifers
steady to 0.50 dlr higher in slow trade, the usda said.
    Feedlots reported fairly good interest and inquiry from
buying sources.
    Sales on 3,600 steers and 700 heifers. week to date 43,900
head.
    steers - good and mostly choice 2-3 1025-1150 lbs
69.50-70.00.
    heifers - few pens good and mostly choice 2-3 925-1025 lbs
68.00-68.50.
 Reuter


N.Y. COMEX GOLD ESTIMATED VOLUME - APRIL 7
 Estimated volume     28,000
 Prev official volume 36,411
 Estimated switches    1,540




NYMEX PALLADIUM CLSG 7-APR
         OPEN       HIGH  LOW     CLOSE
 APR7   --            --    --    --
 MAY7   --            --    --    --
 JUN7 13050L 13125H 13125 13000 13050L 13075H
 SEP7 13100L 13125H 13125 13050   --
 DEC7 13110         13125 13000   --
 MAR8 13025B 13125A 13200 13100   --
 JUN8 13025B 13100A 13100 13100   --

     P SETT    SETT
 APR7 13030    13055
 MAY7   --       --
 JUN7 13030    13055
 SEP7 13005    13055
 DEC7 12980    13030
 MAR8 12980    13030
 JUN8 12980    13030




N.Y. METALS FUTURES ESTIMATED VOLUMES- APRIL 7
 Time      10.00  11.00  12.00  13.00  14.00  CLOSE
 Silver     8000  13000  17000  21000  26000  38500
 Copper      900   1700   2500   3200    ---   7000
 Gold       4500   8000  10500  14000  18000  28000
 Aluminum      0      1      1      3     30     40
 Palladium  ----    190    239    358    ---    475
 Platinum   ----   2226   2876   3379    ---   4846
 Reuter



The CFTC reported the following stocks
of soybeans in Chicago as of Friday, April 3 , deliverable
against Chicago Board of Trade futures in 000's bushels -
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES                254      236  10629
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED    77       78    581
 CCC STOCKS              10022    10022   2373
 TOTAL SOYBEAN STOCKS    10353    10336  13583
 Reuter


NY ORANGE JUICE CLSG 7-APR
         OPEN        HIGH  LOW       CLOSE
 MAY7 13100L 13105H 13350 13100  13275L 13300H
 JUL7 12930         13350 12930  13170
 SEP7 12700B 12780A 12810 12750  12780B 12810A
 NOV7 12450B 12500A 12640 12450  12595B 12600A
 JAN8 12450B 12500A 12550 12500  12530B 12540A
 MAR8 12450B 12550A   --    --   12530B 12540A
 MAY8 12450B 12550A   --    --   12530B 12540A
 JUL8 12450B 12550A   --    --   12530B 12540A
 SEP8 12450B 12550A   --    --   12530B 12540A
        SETT     P SETT
 MAY7  13290     13120
 JUL7  13170     12910
 SEP7  12795     12715
 NOV7  12600     12540
 JAN8  12535     12455
 MAR8  12535     12455
 MAY8  12535     12455
 JUL8  12535     12455
 SEP8  12535     12455



The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has transferred 21.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. corn and 5.0 mln dlrs
for sales of oilseeds to increase available coverage on sales
of U.S. poultry meat to Iraq, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The department said the action was taken at the request of
Iraq's State Trade Organization for Grains and Foodstuffs.
    The guarantee line for sales of corn has been reduced from
78.0 mln dlrs to 57.0 mln and the line for oilseeds from 5.0
mln dlrs to zero.
    The guarantee line for sales of frozen poultry has been
increased from 30.0 mln dlrs to 56.0 mln dlrs, USDA said.
 Reuter


CBT 10 YEAR NOTES CLSG 7-APR
      CLOSE                 PSETT
JUN7  01 15/32H 01 14/32L   102 2/32
SEP7  00 23/32H 00 22/32L   01 10/32
DEC7  100                   00 20/32
MAR8      --                    --
JUN8      --                    --
JUN8      --                    --




 N.Y. RUBBER MISCELLANEOUS -APR 7
 RUBBER TRADE ASSOCIATION CLOSING PRICES:
 CENTS PER LB EX-DOCK AND/OR STORE VALUES FOR
 DELIVERY U.S. EAST COAST OR GULF PORTS ANYTIME  In month
 No. 1 rss Apr   46-5/8n
 No. 3 rss Apr   44-1/2n
 Tsr 2o    Apr   39-3/4n



Berry Petroleum Co said its board
and the Norris Oil Co board approved a merger agreement that
calls for Norris to become a wholly-owned Berry subsidiary.
    Berry, a privately-owned company which already owns 80.6
pct of Norris Oil's stock, said the agreement calls for Norris'
public shareholders to receive 0.0333 Berry common shares for
each Norris share held.
 Reuter


IMM CURRENCY FUTURES SETTLEMENTS [2] 7-APR
S-FRANC-IMM
SETTLEMENT  NET CHANGE
 JUN  6648   UP    18
 SEP  6689   UP    17
 DEC  6730   UP    15
 MAR  6772   UP     4
 JUN UNTRD












 said it planned a
two-for-one common stock split, subject to shareholder approval
at the May 4 annual meeting.
    It said the split, if approved, would take effect on May
20.
    Premdor manufactures and sells wood doors.
 Reuter

N.Y. coffee futures closed higher again
today on trade talk Brazil would not be an aggressive seller
near term, analysts said.
    In addition, roaster demand emerged in some forward
deliveries, while earlier trade selling around the 102.50 cent
level in the May retreated. May closed 2.21 cents higher at
104.25 cents, its highest close since March 30.
    Analysts said the market has now fully discounted the fact
that there most likely will not be fresh ICO coffee quota talks
until September. "It's now starting to focus more on the day to
day, a possibly oversold condition, and some roaster interest,"
one analyst said.
    Estimated volume was 3,605 contracts.
    July was up 2.25 cents at 106.25 cents.
 Reuter

Cryodynamics Inc said it
received 1,575,000 dlrs through a warrant conversion program
that ended March 31.
    The company said 85.5 pct of its one mln outstanding
warrants were converted to common stock. It said it now has
7,500,000 common shares outstanding.
    The money generated by the warrant conversion has been
added to working capital, the company said.
 Reuter

Westmin Resources Ltd said it
plans to increase capacity at its Myra Falls, British Columbia,
base and precious metal mine and mill complex by 33 pct to
4,400 short tons of ore a day, subject to regulatory approvals.
    The company said the expansion will cost about 24 mln dlrs
and could be in operation by 1988.
    Economies of scale from the expansion should pay back net
expansion cost in less than one year, Westmin said.
    The Myra Falls complex processed 3,257 tons of ore a day
during 1986. Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of
gold, 966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln lbs of copper, 96.2
mln lbs of zinc and 777,000 lbs of lead, a company spokesman
said.
    Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of gold,
966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln pounds of copper, 96.2 mln
pounds of zinc and 777,000 pounds of lead, a company spokesman
said.
 Reuter


******ITT CORP TO BUY BACK UP TO 10 MLN SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
Blah blah blah.




******FED SETS TWO-DAY SYSTEM REPURCHASES, FED SAYS
Blah blah blah.




CME 11:45  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.65 UP  0.25
JUN7  65.07 UP  0.05
AUG7  60.87 UNCH
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.15 UP  0.05
MAY7  68.25 UP  0.03
AUG7  66.50 UP  0.10
HOGS
APR7  50.35 UP  0.53
JUN7  49.00 UP  0.53
JUL7  47.05 UP  0.18
BELLIES
MAY7  66.55 UP  0.15
JUL7  64.95 UP  0.10
AUG7  61.95 UP  0.35
FEB8  56.20 UP  0.60



slaughter cattle rose 1.00 to 1.50 dlr
in active trade, the usda said.
    steers - choice 2-4 1050-1325 lbs 64.50-66.30.
    heifers - choice 2-4 975-1200 lbs 63.00-65.00.
 Reuter


 MONTREAL INDICES 12:00-APRIL 7
 INDUSTRIALS  1,578.08 off 0.28
 UTILITIES    1,627.18 up  0.33
 BANKS        1,662.84 up  0.08
 Portfolio    1,943.84 up  0.46
 VOLUME  5,240,469



Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 131,000 vs 135,000
    Revs 4,222,000 vs 3,656,000
    Avg shrs 1,278,529 vs 1,356,672
    Nine mths
    Shr 31 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 406,000 vs 426,000
    Revs 12.3 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Avg shrs 1,330,511 vs 1,361,421
 Reuter

LME afternoon ring dealings in copper
ended with three months Grade A business at 879 stg per tonne,
a rise of three from yesterday's afternoon kerb close,
equivalent to 1,410 dlrs per tonne, up four.
    However, values were off the day's highs, reflecting the
softer tone on Comex, while the cash to three months premium
narrowed to 32 stg in the absence of followthrough to earlier
nearby buying, traders said. The breakdown of the spread
premium equated to 20, seven and five stg for the first, second
and third months, respectively. Standard metal finished with an
indicated backwardation of around two stg.
    Morning ring dealings ended with forward business at a high
of 883 stg per tonne, equivalent to 1,417 dlrs. Business
featured a wave of cash pricing purchases near the official
close which established an indicated spread backwardation of 37
stg after earlier borrowing at a premium of 32, unchanged from
yesterday afternoon, traders said.
    Forward values extended pre-market gains, despite currency
factors, with short covering and some chart support evident.
    Ring dealings also included options-linked borrowing
interest from end April dates for one month at a backwardation
of 23 stg.
    Analysts said the 870 stg area appears to have provided a
minor chart support base, although upside potential remains
limited against a background of only routine physical demand
and a buoyant U.K. Currency.
    On the morning pre-market, activity was mainly dollar-based
and within the range 1,408 to 1,411 dlrs per tonne, traders
said.
    Standard grade retained a spread backwardation of 10 stg
but was tradeless.
 REUTER

Robusta futures closed firmer after a
lacklustre session, ranging 19 to three stg per tonne higher.
Second position July settled up 19 at 1,270 stg.
    The rise mostly reflected a technical consolidation of
recent losses, dealers said. Roaster interest appeared to be
tapering off and origin offers were insignificant, providing
little trading incentive.
    Now that Brazil has closed its May registrations, the
market is awaiting fresh fundamental news, they added.
    Volume totalled 4,170 lots, including six options and 1,600
crosses.
 REUTER

Cummins Engine Co said it told
shareholders higher engine orders to the North American
heavy-duty truck market will result in improved earnings in the
first quarter.
    Cummins said the company should make progress this year and
next toward its goal of five pct profitability.
    Cummins recorded net income of 3,743,000 dlrs, or 38 cts
per share, on sales of 516.9 mln dlrs.
    It said it expects 1987 North American heavy-duty truck
production to total 135,000 units, an 8.5 pct increase from
1986.
    Cummins said it expects capital expenditures to total about
155 mln dlrs, down from 274 mln dlrs the year before.
 Reuter

Yugoslavia, which refinanced part of
its 19.7 billion dlr debt in talks with creditor governments
last week, has begun talks with banks on rescheduling its
commercial debt, the official Tanjug news agency said.
    The talks began in Washington yesterday and Tanjug said the
general attitude of the banks was "favourable."
    At the same time, other Tanjug reports showed Yugoslavia is
having difficulties in obtaining a 600 mln ECU loan from the
European Community (EC) and in receiving money owed to Yugoslav
firms by Middle Eastern countries.
    The Western creditor governments and Kuwait agreed on March
31 to refinance 475 mln dlrs of Yugoslavia's debt due in 1987
and 1988. This made possible the talks with commercial banks.
    Tanjug said sources close to the Yugoslav delegation said
the initial reaction of commercial banks was favourable despite
their continued insistence on "technical and legal elements."
    It said it was believed that a commercial debt rescheduling
would be formally agreed in the next few weeks. Bank debt
accounts for about 70 pct of Yugoslavia's overall debt, which
stood at 19.7 billion dlrs at end-1986.
    Tanjug said Yugoslavia also discussed with its commercial
creditors the idea of converting some of Yugoslavia's debt into
joint venture investments but it gave no details of this.
    It said Deputy Finance Minister Boris Skapin was holding
talks on this with representatives of Manufacturers Hanover
Trust Co., Which coordinates the interests of several hundred
banks in Yugoslav debt negotiations.
    In a separate report Tanjug said the EC has so far refused
a Yugoslav request for a 600 mln ECU infrastuctural loan and a
100 mln ECU grant from the EC budget. The EC had so far only
agreed to provide 380 mln ECUs towards transport modernisation.
    It said Yugoslav Finance Minister Svetozar Rikanovic
yesterday met World Bank and International Monetary Fund
officials in Washington.
    It said the World Bank agreed that infrastructural projects
in Yugoslavia should be accelerated and structural adjustment
loans should be agreed this year.
 REUTER


NY COFFEE  12:30

 MAY7  10235 UP  31
 JUL7  10435 UP  35
 SEP7  10635 UP  30
 DEC7  10900 UNCH
 MAR8  11100 UP  50
 MAY8  11300 UP  50
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD



The dollar remained on the defensive in
subdued dealings with few traders willing to take any major
risks ahead of this week's international monetary meetings in
Washington, dealers said.
    "Everybody is waiting for developments from the talks. In
the meantime, it's just jobbing positions back and forth," said
a dealer at one U.S. bank.
    The Group of Five, comprising the U.S., Japan, West
Germany, France and the U.K., are scheduled to convene today.
    The dollar hovered at 145.25/30 yen, down from 145.85/90
last night, and eased to 1.8255/60 marks from 1.8260/70.
    The stage for the dollar's decline was set overnight in the
Far East where the U.S. currency retreated despite steady
intervention on its behalf by the Bank of Japan.
    Dealers in Japan cited speculation that the G-5/G-7 talks
are unlikely to produce any significant or lasting measures to
stabilize currencies as one reason for the sell-off.
    No central bank intervention was detected in the U.S. where
the dollar kept well within recent trading parameters.
    Despite the view that trade and economic imbalances dictate
a downward course for the dollar, few U.S. dealers wished to
sell it aggressively before this week's meetings.
    Statements by Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker
during testimony before the Senate Banking Committe failed to
rouse the market from its inertia.
    Volcker reiterated that a further, sizeable dollar decline
may be counter-productive. He also said that currency changes
that have occurred so far should be large enough -- in a
context of a growing world economy and fiscal restraint in the
U.S. -- to support expectations for a narrower U.S. trade gap.
    "There was nothing new or remarkable there," said a dealer
at one European bank. The dollar's brief rise to 1.8270 marks
was already underway when Volcker spoke, he added.
    With the dollar becalmed, dealers looked to cross-rates,
especially sterling, yen and Swiss franc, for interest.
    Sterling continued to benefit from U.K. public opinion
polls indicating a lead for the ruling Conservative party in
any general election and following signals of an improved
economy.
    The pound hovered at 1.6175/85 dlrs, unchanged from Monday,
and at 2.955 marks, off slightly from about 2.955 last night.
    The dollar eased to 1.5120/30 Swiss francs from 1.5180/90,
and to 1.3048/53 Canadian dollars from 1.3080/85 yesterday.
 Reuter


CME 12:30  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.72 UP  0.32
JUN7  65.15 UP  0.13
AUG7  61.05 UP  0.18
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.22 UP  0.12
MAY7  68.30 UP  0.08
AUG7  66.65 UP  0.25
HOGS
APR7  50.60 UP  0.78
JUN7  49.70 UP  1.23
JUL7  47.85 UP  0.98
BELLIES
MAY7  66.95 UP  0.55
JUL7  65.50 UP  0.65
AUG7  62.55 UP  0.95
FEB8  56.15 UP  0.55




LONDON COFFEE ROBUSTA VOLUME - APR 7
    The London coffee robusta closing volume has been revised
to 4170 incl 6 options with the following break-down.
 May 1193
 Jul 1556
 Sep  458
 Nov  201
 Jan  631
 Mar  131
 May  nil
 Reuter



Industrial countries do not agree on
ways to provide debt relief for the world's poorest nations, a
senior U.S. Treasury official said.
    A senior U.S. Treasury official said, "There has not been a
consensus reached yet," when asked about reports the Paris club
of western creditors had agreed to long-term stretch outs of
African debt at concessional interest rates.
    The official, briefing reporters on this week's semiannual
IMF meetings, said the issue would be discussed this week and
the U.S. had an open mind on the proposal but it did object to
concessional interest rate relief.
 Reuter

Platinum futures were higher at
midsession as the precious metal continued to mirror the action
in the nearby silver pit, analysts said.
    Silver was trading in the upper end of the day's wide
range, bolstered by speculative buying on a belief that it
would continue to rise toward seven dlrs an ounce basis May.
    The key July platinum delivery traded at 571.50 dlrs an
ounce, up 2.90 dlrs but under a session high of 577.50 dlrs.
Other months were 3.70 to 7.30 dlrs higher.
    However, trading was thin as many participants watched the
foreign exchange and U.S. stock and bond markets.
    Meanwhile, palladium was up 70 cts to 2.20 dlrs in
sympathetic buying to platinum.
 Reuter

FilmTec Corp, a subsidiary of Dow
Chemical Co, said the Food and Drug Administration willpermit
the FilmTec FT30 reverse osmosis membrane to be used in food
processing and purifying water for food applications.
    The company said the development opens "a potentially huge
market for FilmTec." It said food processors will be able to
concentrate juice and other food streams with reverse osmosis
rather than with evaporation techniques.
 Reuter

Philadelphia Electric Co said the
Operations Engineer at its Peach Bottom Atomic Power Station
has been replaced with another nuclear experienced, qualified
engineer holding a senior operator license at Peach Bottom.
    Early last week, the staff of the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission ordered that unit three of the nuclear power plant
be shutdown after determining that operators were sleeping on
duty.
    In a letter to the commission detailing actions taken as a
result of that order, the utility said the Operations Engineer
had been reassigned to corporate headquarters on April 6.
    Releasing its letter to the NRC, Philadelphia Electric said
it "will have no future comment on this response pending
Nuclear Regulatory Commission disposition" of the case.
    Effective April 11, the utility said, it is establishing
24-hour coverage of operations by at least one independent,
nuclear experienced engineer or physicist per shift posted
within the control room complex who will report directly to the
company's Superintendent of Nuclear Operations Quality
Assurance Division at corporate headquarters.
    Immediately after receipt of the NRC order, Philadelphia
Electric said, Senior Plant Management began making unannounced
control room visits during the night shift, adding this
activity will continue until the planned additional 24-hour
coverage operations are in place.
 Reuter


NEW YORK COTTON CLSG 7-APR
           OPEN     HIGH  LOW      CLOSE
 MAY7 5580L  5590H  5675  5580  5640L  5660H
 JUL7 5505L  5515H  5570  5500  5530L  5550H
 OCT7 5515          5590  5515  5580
 DEC7 5500          5565  5495  5545L  5550H
 MAR8 5600          5624  5600  5630B  5640A
 MAY8 5630B  5700A   --    --   5676B  5680A
 JUL8 5630B  5700A   --    --   5696B  5700A
 OCT8  --            --    --    --
      SETT   P SETT
 MAY7  5650    5580
 JUL7  5540    5490
 OCT7  5580    5505
 DEC7  5547    5475
 MAR8  5635    5565
 MAY8  5678    5617
 JUL8  5698    5647
 OCT8   --      --




N.Y. COMMODITIES CLOSING SPOT TRENDS - APRIL 7
 Silver       up  18.5  cts  per oz
 Copper       off 0.35  cts per lb
 Gold (Comex  up  3.70  dlrs per oz
 Platinum     up  4.20  dlrs per oz
 Cocoa        off    9  dlr per tonne
 Sugar 11     up  0.15  cts per lb
 Coffee C     up  2.21  cts per lb
 Cotton       up  0.70  cts per lb
                                            
 Reuter



World sugar futures settled higher,
strengthening late on shortcovering and technically-based
buying, analysts said.
    The rally gained momentum "when traders realized they could
get a key reversal," a commission house analyst said. But the
market showed signs of continued resistance near 7.0 cents
basis May, he noted.
    May delivery exceeded yesterday's low and yesterday's high
before settling at 6.94 cents a lb, up 0.15 cent.
    Values tumbled this morning when computer fund selling
triggered sell-stops at 6.60 cents and under. But contracts
recouped most of those losses by midsession on trade buying,
brokers said.
    Estimated volume was 20,339 lots.
 Reuter


U.S. COCOA MERCHANT SPOT PRICES - APRIL 7
    In U.S. dlrs per tonne for minimum truckload quantities
ex-dock or ex-warehouse U.S. Eastern seaboard north of Hatteras
seller's option:
 Main Crop Ivory Coast cocoa beans      2,148N
 Superior Bahia cocoa beans             2,062N
 Sanchez FAQ cocoa beans                1,945N
 Superior seasons Arriba cocoa beans    1,965N
 Ecuadorean cocoa liquor                2,541N
 Brazilian cocoa liquor                 2,612N
 Pure pressed cocoa butter/African      4,646N
 PURE PRESSED COCOA BUTTER/OTHER        4,620N
 Cocoa press cake - natural 10/12 pct
 cocoa butter contents                    975N
 All prices are for regular commercial quality.
 Reuter



Deliverable grain stocks were
reported in federally approved elevators in the Kansas City
area on April 3, 1987 as follows.
    -In 000s of bushels-
 All hard red winter wheat
 Deliverable  This Week  Week Ago   Year Ago
 Stocks          7743        8154      13372
 Non-Deliv
 Stocks/Ungr      417         447        432
 CCC Stocks     13730       13639       4592
 Total Stocks   21890       22240      18396
 Reuter

CBT soyproduct futures closed higher in
sympathy with strength in new crop soybeans, with soymeal up
1.30 to 3.00 dlrs per ton and soyoil 0.19 to 0.15 cent per lb
higher. May soymeal settled at 146.60 dlrs, with soyoil at
15.61 cents.
    Steadiness in Rotterdam meals and U.S. cash soymeal basis
values this morning, plus trade talk of additional processor
down-time in the U.S. over the next few weeks, added to the
positive tone in meal futures, they said.
    A local house bought over 600 contracts of July soymeal,
with C and D Commodities, Dean Witter, E.F. Hutton and Merrill
Lynch buying small amounts of nearbys, pit brokers said.
    Commercials were the featured buyers in soyoil, with
sellers scattered and small-lot.
 Reuter

Manhattan National Corp said it elected
Charles Hinckley chairman and chief executive officer of the
life insurance holding company.
    Hinckley succeeds Wilmot Wheeler Jr, who returns to his
former position as vice chairman, the company said.
    Hinckley will continue as president and chief executive
officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co, a Cincinnati-based
mutual insurer, which owns approximately 52.2 pct of Manhattan
National outstanding stock.

 Reuter

(DLRS PER TON, BULK, IN CAR OF TRUCK LOTS)
 44 PCT SOYBEAN MEAL/SOLVENT    156.70-160.70
 48 PCT SOYBEAN MEAL/SOLVENT    168.70-171.70
 41 PCT COTTONSEED MEAL/SOLVENT 145.00       
 50 PCT Meal and bone meal      187.50       
 50 PCT Meal/bone meal blended  187.50       
 GLUTEN FEED                    100.00       
 GLUTEN MEAL                    230.00       
 WHEAT BRAN and MIDLNGS         35.00-36.00  
 FEATHER MEAL                   145.00-150.00
 FEATHER MEAL - ARKANSAS POINTS 130.00-135.00
 ANIMAL FAT - cts per lb yellow  9-1/2
 BLEACHABLE FANCY               11-1/2
 HOMINY FEED                    60.00      
 DEHYDRATED ALFALFA MEAL        95.60      
 SUN-CURED ALFALFA PELLETS      85.00      
 BLACKSTRAP MOLASSES            97.20      
 DEHYDRATED ALFALFA PELLETS
 ALFALFA CENTER OF NEBRASKA     81.00      
 ALFALFA HAY FOB STORAGE
 ALFALFA CENTER                 40.00-45.00
 Reuter

Cannon Group Inc said it agreed in
principle to sell its 50 pct interest in the HBO/Cannon Video
joint venture to the Home Box Office unit of Time Inc &lt;TL>.
    The company said it is making the sale because in the near
future all of its video products will be licensed in the United
States and Canada to either the Warner Brothers unit of Warner
Communications Inc &lt;WCI>, or to Media Home Entertainment.
 Reuter

Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts previously
    Pay June Eight
    Record May 22
 Reuter

Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Payable July one
    Record May 7
 Reuter

(Comterm Inc) said it signed an
agreement to manufacture computer terminals for General
Instrument Corp to be used in the company's computerized
electronic lottery systems. Comterm did not give the value or
other details of the contract.            
 Reuter

Wall Street stock prices were pounded
lower late this afternoon by futures related sell programs and
strong profit taking. A weak bond market ignited concern about
rising interest rates and inflation, triggering the selloff,
traders said.
    The Dow Industrials fell 39 points to 2367.
 Reuter


ILLINOIS CASH SOYBEAN PRODUCT BASIS - APRIL 7
 SPOT RAIL SOYBEAN MEAL
 (DLRS PER TON)
 44-PCT PROTEIN -  4.00 OVER MAY ASKED - UNC
        DECATUR -  6.00 OVER MAY ASKED - UNC
        EASTERN -  5.00 OVER MAY ASKED - UNC
 48-PCT PROTEIN - 20.00 OVER MAY ASKED - UNC
        DECATUR - 21.00 OVER MAY ASKED - UP 1.00
        EASTERN - 18.00 OVER MAY ASKED - UNC
  SPOT RAIL SOYBEAN OIL
  (CENTS PER LB)
 CRUDE - 0.65/0.70 UNDER MAY NOMINAL - UNC
 UNC - UNCHANGED  NC - NO COMPARISON
 Reuter



Total U.S. aluminum stocks held by
integrated and non-integrated producers and smelters including
scrap, ingot, metal in process and finished products rose to
2,470,000 short tons in December from 2,451,000 short tons in
November, American Bureau Metal Statistics said.
    Primary production rose to 278,000 tons in December from
263,000 tons in November. Imports for consumption declined to
114,000 tons in December from 150,000 tons in November.
    Net shipments eased to 605,000 tons in December from
608,000 tons in November. Ingot shipments were 87,000 tons
versus 99,000 tons, mill products shipments were 435,000 tons
versus 420,000 tons and casting shipments were 83,000 versus
89,000.
 Reuter

Calton Inc said a
registration statement was declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission for the public offering of 2,500,000
shares of its common at 12-7/8 dlrs a share.
    Calton said the public offering began today.
    The offering is being underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital
Markets.
    Calton said it will use the net proceeds, about 12.2 mln
dlrs, for general corporate purposes.
 Reuter

barrow and gilt prices rose 1.00 dlr in
moderately active trade, usda said. us 1-3 230-240 lbs 51.50.
    sows - none.
 Reuter

The cif Rotterdam meals and feeds
market was generally active this afternoon after a quiet
morning as consumers stepped in to cover short positions, the
dollar remained steady and Chicago rallied, market sources
said.
    Business was concentrated mainly in the afloat and nearby
positions, with particular emphasis on South American soymeal
pellets, although other products too traded actively.
    Brazilian soymeal pellets traded afloat at up to 202.50
dlrs a tonne cif Ghent, with Mch at 191 cif Ghent, Apl at
185.50 dlrs, with May/Sep and Jne both at 181 dlrs cif Ghent.
    Argentine soymeal pellets traded afloat at up to 197 dlrs a
tonne, with May/Sep at up to 176 dlrs a tonne cif Ghent.
    US high protein soymeal traded afloat at 209 dlrs a tonne.
    Cornglutenfeed pellets traded afloat at up to 138 dlrs a
tonne, with Mch at 135 dlrs, Apl at 130 dlrs, and May/Aug at
down to 127.50 dlrs.
    Thai tapioca hard pellets traded afloat at 27.50 Marks per
100 kilos fob, with May/Jne at 26.75, Oct/Dec at 27, Jan/Jne
1988 at 25 Marks, and Jan/Dec 1988 at 25.25 Marks.
    Sunmeal pellets traded afloat at 121 dlrs a tonne, with Apl
at up to 115 dlrs.
    Citruspulp pellets traded afloat at up to 130 dlrs a tonne,
while linseed expellers traded afloat at up to 160 dlrs.
    Palm expellers changed hands afloat at up to 118.50 dlrs a
tonne, with Mch/Apl at 110 dlrs.
 REUTER

Browning-Ferris Industries Inc said its
subsidiary, CECOS International Inc, said it intends to seek a
permit to install an incinerator for burning hazardous wastes
at a site in southwest Jefferson County in Kentucky.
    In a related matter, CECOS said it will acquire &lt;BT Energy>
and its assets contingent on CECOS receiving the permit, it
said.
    BT Energy already has a permit to treat and store
industrial and chemical wastes and has been providing services
to the Jefferson County area for 13 years, CECOS said.
    The application will be submitted in July and will require
about one year for reviews and hearings before construction of
the plant could start, CECOS said.
    The cost of the project is estimated to be approximately 30
mln dlrs, CECOS said.
 Reuter


LONDON COCOA CLOSING - APR 7
 MTH BYR  SLR  HIGH LOW  SALES
 May 1290 1291 1296 1287  486
 Jul 1318 1319 1324 1316  405
 Sep 1340 1342 1345 1337  325
 Dec 1366 1368 1370 1364  656
 Mar 1391 1392 1393 1387  315
 May 1412 1413 1412 1409   38
 Jul 1429 1433 1430 1430    2
 TOTAL SALES 2227



Gandalf Technologies Inc said it signed a
two-year, eight mln dlr agreement with British Telecom to
distribute British Telecom's Mezza Voicestation System in
Canada and the United States.
    Gandalf said it will market the system as the Gandalf
Voicestation System.
 Reuter

The Bank of England's effective
 exchange rate index showed the U.S. Dollar at 101.6 compared
with 101.7 previously.
    Other effective rates were =
 Australian dlr   55.7    (  55.9 )
 Aus Sch         137.5    ( 137.6 )
 BFR con          99.9    ( 100.0 )
 CAN              79.3    (  79.3 )
 DKR              92.7    (  92.7 )
 FFR              71.5    (  71.6 )
 DMK             146.4    ( 146.5 )
 LIT              47.9    (  47.9 )
 YEN             219.6    ( 218.5 )
 DFL             134.3    ( 134.4 )
 NKR              79.3    (  79.2 )
 SKR              68.5    (  68.5 )
 SFR             172.3    ( 171.8 )


NY COTTON 12:25
  MAY7 5600   UP   20
  JUL7 5510   UP   20
  OCT7 5525   UP   20
  DEC7 5510   UP   35
  MAR8 5615   UP   50
  MAY8 UNTRD
  JUL8 UNTRD
  OCT8 UNTRD




WALL STREET INDICES 1200

 NYSE COMPOSITE        171.40 UP  0.44
 NYSE INDUSTRIALS      208.34 UP  0.86
 S AND P COMPOSITE     303.00 UP  1.05

 NYSE-A VOLUME    126123200

 AMEX INDEX            343.99 UP  1.76

 AMEX-B VOLUME    8488200



Computer Network Technology Corp
said after six months of testing, American Telephone and
Telegraph Co &lt;T> has installed initial orders for six of the
company's CHANNELink 5100/R products.
    The product is used for interconnection of IBM mainframe
computers.
 Reuter


NY SUGAR11 1230

 MAY7  683 UP  4
 JUL7  697 UP  4
 SEP7  696 OFF 12
 OCT7  718 UP  5
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  752 OFF 3
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8  780 OFF 3



153.0   147.0  1504
 Aug  156.8  156.8     ---   156.8   152.0   495
 Oct  160.0  161.0     ---   160.0   155.6  1739
 Dec  161.0  161.6   163.0   163.0   161.0    54
 TOTAL SALES  3792


NY COMEX SILVER 12:30

 APR7  6670 UP  122
 MAY7  6710 UP  130
 JUN7  6720 UP  103
 JUL7  6785 UP  131
 SEP7  6865 UP  135
 DEC7  6980 UP  142
 JAN8  7000 UP  124
 MAR8  7070 UP  124
 MAY8  7190 UP  165



Pork belly (bacon) futures fell for net
losses after starting higher, but firmed again at midsession to
post gains of 0.25 to 0.60 cent paced by February.
    Strength in other meat pits, especially live hog futures,
stimulated renewed local demand. Higher cash hog markets, light
runs as farmers take to the fields and possibly light slaughter
prompted support. Technical buying after yesterday's reversal
action added to the advance, traders said.
    Commission house profit-taking selling prompted by
expectations of a negative out of town storage report this
afternoon weighed on prices early. Guesses on the report ranged
from in 1.0 to 2.25 mln lbs, they noted.
 Reuter

West African
origins believed near market, especially Ivory and Ghana. Ivory
reported traded yesterday around 1,325 French Francs per 100
kilos cif for new crop while Ghana was offering at 1,460 stg a
tonne cif, also for new crop... Offtake small, restricted to
dealer book-squaring ahead of buffer stock buying which
possibly next week, some say... Ghana resale June/Aug 60 stg
over Sep.
    Cocoa comment/market talk - Terminal on defensive on firm
sterling and overhanging West African new crop offers, but
prospective buffer stock buying and lower Bahia Temperao crop
(possibly down to 1.5 mln bags from 2.0/2.5 mln) constructive.
    Sugar physical trade - Malta tendering for 3,000 tonnes
whites today for arrival in two equal parts in May and June. No
news by late afternoon... India in tomorrow for one/two cargoes
whites with Syria tendering same day for 36,000 tonnes whites
for June/July/Aug shipment... EC export tender tomorrow but
after last week's heavy authorised exports (102,350 tonnes) at
the highest ever-rebate of 46.864 Ecus per 100 kilos, and with
move to intervention of near 800,000 tonnes, tomorrow's result
is anybody's guess, traders said... Pakistan tendering
Saturday.
    Sugar comment/market talk - Afternoon terminal rally after
fall which had been linked to lack of Soviet/Chinese offtake.
    Coffee physical market - Origin offers scarce and roaster
demand quieted down... Roasters may be adequately covered for
time being after Brazilian, Colombian and Mexican sales over
the past week.
    Coffee market talk and comment - Futures quietly firmer,
but trade featureless. Prices seem to be consolidating at
current levels following recent declines, but will need further
signs of demand to sustain support, dealers said... With Brazil
May registrations out of the way, market is awaiting fresh
fundamental news to provide direction.
 REUTER


******MIYAZAWA LEAVES HOTEL FOR MEETING WITH BAKER AT TREASURY, JAPANESE OFFICIALS SAY
Blah blah blah.



Comex copper futures settled weaker
after dropping to new session lows on trade selling, which
entered a few minutes before the close, brokers said.
    May delivery slipped to 62.05 cents before settling at
62.30 cents a lb, off 0.35 cent.
    May's high was its opening price of 62.85 cents.
    Indications that commission house selling would enter above
that level kept a lid on the market, brokers said. Otherwise,
dealings were featureless, they said.
    The May/July backwardation settled at 25 points versus 30
points yesterday.
 Reuter


 N.Y. COFFEE C ESTIMATED VOLUME-APRIL 7
 Estimated volume        3,605
 Prev official vo1ume    3,234





  N.Y. SUGAR SPOTS - APRIL 7
                         cts/lb
 World no. 11            6.62 up  0.01
 Weighted avg no 11      6.86 up  0.03
 Sugar 11 spot vol       3,841



The CFTC reported the following stocks
of corn in St Louis as of Friday, april 3 , deliverable against
Chicago Board of Trade futures in 000's bushels -
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES               640      225   369
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED    0        0    25
 CCC STOCKS               397      397   153
 TOTAL CORN STOCKS       1037      622   547
 Reuter


NYMEX PLATINUM CLSG 7-APR
         OPEN       HIGH   LOW     CLOSE
 APR7 5670L 5680H    5700  4670   5660L   5680H
 MAY7  --             --    --     --
 JUN7  --             --    --     --
 JUL7 5730L 5740H    5775  5700   5715L   5730H
 OCT7 5785L 5790H    5805  5758    --
 JAN8 5820B 5830A    5825  5815    --
 APR8 5890           5890  5845    --
 JUL8 5900B 5950A     --    --     --
      SETT      P SETT
 APR7   5671    5629
 MAY7    --      --
 JUN7    --     5663
 JUL7   5722    5686
 OCT7   5767    5728
 JAN8   5812    5771
 APR8   5862    5816
 JUL8   5912    5866



Jeumont-Schneider, a subsidiary of
Schneider SA &lt;SCHN.PA>, announced in a statement the creation
of a Canadian subsidiary, Jeumont-Schneider of Canada.
    The new subsidiary will work on developing
Jeumont-Schneider's Canadian sales, particularly for its
electro-mechanical and electronics goods.
    The company also said it had signed a distribution
agreement with &lt;Beel Electronics> for sales of the French
group's speed variators in Canada.
 Reuter

Hard wheat futures traded 1/4 cent
higher to steady in light midsession trading as firm Chicago
wheat futures and hopes for new export sales this week lent
support, traders said. May stood 1/4 cent higher at 2.74 dlrs.
    Trading was light with little fresh direction in the
market. Traders awaited results on Jordan's Export Bonus tender
for hard wheat and Egypt's tender this week for flour.
    Staley bought July and the July/December spread traded at
7-1/2 cents, pit brokers said.
 Reuter


LONDON SUGAR NO.6 FOB 1640 - APR 7
 MTH  BYR   SLR  HIGH   LOW  SALES
 May 150.8 151.0 152.0 147.0 1236
 Aug 154.6 154.8 155.8 152.0  452
 Oct 159.4 159.8 160.0 155.6 1565
 Dec 161.6 163.0 163.0 161.0   54
 Mar 167.0 167.6 167.0 164.2   64
 May 169.0 171.0 nil
 Aug 173.0 174.0 nil
 TOTAL SALES 3371




PRS PARIS SUGAR CLOSING - APR 07
 May 1148/1150 ba
 Aug 1165/1168 ba
 Oct 1200/1205 ba
 Dec 1230/1240 ba
 Mar 1255/1270 ba
 May 1290/1310 ba
 Sales at call NIL accumulative total later
 Yesterday's official turnover: 51,900
 IRREGULAR




LONDON OILS CLOSING - APR 7
    SOYOIL Dutch fob Ex-Mill guilders per 100 kilos May 65.50
Jun 66.00 May/Jul 65.75/66.25 Aug/Oct 68.00/68.50 paid U.K.
CRUDE ex-tank stg per tonne Apr-May 214.00 Jun 215.000 Jul
218.00 slrs
    SUNFLOWERSEEDOIL Any origin ex-tank dlrs per tonne May/Jul
346.50 Aug/Oct 357.50 paids
    GROUNDNUTOIL Any origin cif rotterdam dlrs per tonne
Mar/Apr-Apr/May-May/Jun 490.00 slr
    RAPESEEDOIL Dutch/EC Guilders per 100 kilos May 60.75 paid
Aug/Oct 60.00 slrs UK 2 pct ffa stg per tonne ex-tank Apr
183.00 May 185.00 Jun 187.00 Jul 189.00 Aug/Oct 183.00 slrs
    PALMOIL Malaysian Crude dlrs per tonne cif UK/Rotterdam May
332.50 slr.
    Malaysian/Sumatran crude dlrs per tonne cif UK/Rotterdam
May 332.50 Jun 335.00 Jul 337.50 Aug 340.00 slrs
    Malaysian RBD dlrs per tonne Apr-May 318.00 paids
    Malaysian RBD Olein dlrs per tonne Jun 335.00 Jul 332.50
paids
    Malaysian RBD stearine dlrs per tonne FOB May 277.50 paid
    COCONUTOIL Philippines 3 pct ffa cif Rott dlrs per long ton
Jun/Jul 415.00 Jul/Aug 425.00 paids
    PALMKERNELOIL Malaysian 5-1/2 pct cif Rott. Dlrs per tonne
Jun/Jul 390.00/400.00 Jul/Aug 400.00/405.00 paid Apr/May 385.00
May/Jun 390.00 Jun/Jul 395.00 Jul/Aug 405.00 slrs
    LINSEEDOIL any origin extank Hull stg per tonne Apr/May
216.00 slr.
    TUNGOIL Any origin ex-tank U.K. Stg per tonne  Apr/May
 1100.00 slr
    CASTORSEEDOIL Brazilian No.1 ex-tank Rott dlrs per tonne
 Apr/May 750.00 slrs
    REUTER




NY SUGAR11 12:00 EDT

 MAY7  672 OFF 7
 JUL7  691 OFF 2
 SEP7  696 OFF 12
 OCT7  711 OFF 2
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  750 OFF 5
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8  780 OFF 3



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 285 1/4            UP  1 3/4
 JUL7 280 3/4            UNCH
 SEP7 276 1/2            UP    1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

Acme Precision Products Inc said it set
its annual meeting for May 14 for shareholders to vote on the
proposed management-led leveraged buyout of the company.
    The record date for the meeting will be April 16, with
proxy materials to be sent to shareholders on or before April
20.
    The buyout proposal, which was previously announced, will
be structured as a one for 100,000 reverse stock split. It must
be approved by a majority of shareholders. Acme Precision has
1,008,857 shares outstanding.
 Reuter

Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said that he did not believe there was a connection
between the Fed's policies and the recent rise in the prime
interest rate by most major U.S. banks.
    Asked by reporters following testimony before the Senate
Banking Committee whether the Fed had anything to do with the
rise to 7-3/4 pct in the prime, he replied, "not that I was able
to detect."
 Reuter


CBT 12:10 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 3/4 UP   1/2
JUL7  271 3/4 OFF 1
SEP7  272 1/2 OFF  1/2
DEC7  277 3/4 OFF  1/4
MAR8  277 1/4 UNCH
CORN
MAY7  159 3/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  163 1/2 UP  1 3/4
SEP7  168 1/2 UP  2 1/4
DEC7  176 3/4 UP  2
MAR8  183 3/4 UP  2
OATS
MAY7  149 3/4 OFF  1/4
JUL7  138 3/4 UP   1/4
SEP7  129 3/4 UP  1 1/2
DEC7  134 1/2 UP   1/2
MAR8  136 3/4 UNCH
BEANS
MAY7  502 1/2 UP  2 3/4
JUL7  503 3/4 UP  3 1/2
AUG7  503 3/4 UP  4 1/4
SEP7  500 UP  6
NOV7  502 UP  6
JAN8  509 UP  6 1/2
MEAL
MAY7  1463 UP  10
JUL7  1462 UP  11
AUG7  1462 UP  12
SEP7  1464 UP  13
OCT7  1470 UP  19
OIL
MAY7  1555 UP  12
JUL7  1590 UP  12
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1640 UP  15



Raytheon Co said it was awarded a
37.5 mln Navy contract to provide engineering and technical
services for production of the standard Missle II program.
    This award provides for engineering support to the
230-missle second source production contract currently under
way at Raytheon's missile systems divsion facility, the company
said.
   
 Reuter

The following import levies for white
and raw sugar are effective tomorrow, in European currency
units (ecu) per 100 kilos.
    White sugar, denatured and non-denatured 51.94 versus 51.94
previously.
    Raw sugar, denatured and non-denatured 44.01 versus 43.73
previously.
    The rate for raws is based on 92 pct yield.
 Reuter

North-West Telecommunications Inc
said it acquired the assets and customer base of Com-Tel
Systems Inc, a telephone interconnect firm that operates in La
Crosse and Stevens Point, Wis. and Rochester, Minn.
    It said the purchase only includes the businesses in La
Crosse and Rochester.
    Terms were not disclosed.
 Reuter

The executive committee of the Italian
national banking association (ABI), representing the country's
major credit institutions, approved the setting up of a common
reserve fund to guarantee customer deposits in the event of
bank failures.
    ABI chairman Giannino Parravicini told a news conference
that the fund would not be operative until the latter part of
1987, and only on condition that 60 pct of banks representing
at least 75 pct of total deposits participated.
    He said the fund would initially have 1,000 billion lire
available and would cover deposits of up to three billion lire.
    A statute for establishing a deposit guarantee fund has
already been approved by the Bank of Italy and by an
interministerial committee on credit and savings.
    The 1,000 billion lire initial funding, which will be
provided through contributions from banks which opt to join the
scheme, compares with an originally targetted figure of 4,000
billion lire.
    Parravicini said the fund would be gradually increased to
4,000 billion lire by end 1991, and that the decision to
achieve this figure gradually rather than immediately was due
to fiscal considerations.
    The fund, still to be formally ratified by ABI's steering
committee, will provide 100 pct coverage on deposits of up to
200 mln lire, 90 pct on deposits between 200 mln and one
billion lire and 80 pct on those between one billion and three
billion lire.
    Assuming that all banks join the fund, contributions would
be equivalent to around 0.25 pt of a bank's total deposits.
    The ABI's steering committee later unanimously ratified the
executive committee's decision to create the common reserve
fund.
 REUTER

Gradual warming continued in most
regions of Western Soviet Union in the week ended April 4, the
Joint Agricultural Weather Facility of the U.S Agriculture and
Commerce Departments said.
    In its International Weather and Crop Summary, the agency
said most of the region's precipitation fell as rain.
    The southern snow cover boundary continued to slowly
retreat northward and eastward, it said.
    Moderate to deep snow cover the northern half of the
Ukraine, northern North Caucasus, and the lower Volga, about
one month later than usual, it said.
    The agency said average weekly temperatures were below
normal in the southeast, near normal in the southwest and
northeast, and above normal in the northwest.
    Winter grains remained dormant over the region, but warm
weather promoted greening in crop areas adjacent to the Black
Sea coast, it said.
 Reuter


CBT SILVER 12:30 EDT
1,000 OUNCE
 APR7  6700 UP  130
 MAY7  6730 UP  130
 JUN7  6740 UP  100
 AUG7  6850 UP  130
 OCT7  6900 UP  100
 DEC7  7000 UP  120
 FEB8  7070 UP  110
 APR8  7150 UP  110
 JUN8  7250 UP  130
 AUG8  7370 UP  170




MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT VOL/OPEN INTEREST--APRIL 6
 (VOL,OPEN INTEREST and CHANGE)
 SPRING WHEAT
 MAY  2825 10127 up   92  WHITE WHEAT
 JLY   515  3875 up  305  not trading
 SEP   370  4358 up   10
 DEC    25   595 up   25
 MCH     0    10    unch
 TTL  3735 18965 up  432
 WHEAT FUTURES FOR CASH -
 May 535, Sep 100, Total 635
 Reuter



Snow and freezing temperatures
stressed livestock in the eastern half of the United States in
the week ended April 5, the Joint Agricultural Weather Facility
of the U.S. Agriculture and Commerce Departments said.
    In a summary of its weekly Weather and Crop Bulletin, the
agency said most Nebraska and Kansas livestock are fair as calf
losses from the storm during the week were variable.
    Calving and lambing continued.
    Freezing temperatures slowed pasture growth in most areas,
the agency said.
 Reuter


CBT KILO GOLD VOLUME/OPEN INTEREST
 FOR APRIL 6, (volume/open interest/change)
 KILO GOLD
 Apr    4    54  dn    6
 Jun  375  1544  dn   40
 Aug    2    54  up    1
 Oct    1    27  up    1
 Dec   13   149  up    2
 Feb    0    22     unch
 Apr    0    11     unch
 Ttl  395  1861  dn   42
 Reuter



&lt;Cooperative Energy Development
Corp> said two exploratory oil wells in the Zama area of
Alberta tested 1,020 and 950 barrels a day, and will increase
the company's daily oil production by 30 pct.
    The company did not immediately elaborate on total
production figures.
    The wells, flowing oil from the Keg River formation, will
be constrained to combined production of about 450 barrels a
day to optimize reserve recovery, the company said.
    Permanent production facilities are being installed and the
wells will produce to pipeline by mid-April.
 Reuter

CBT soybean futures closed on a strong
note in new crop, showing gains of 4-3/4 to 9-1/4 cents per
bushel in moderate trade. May settled at 5.04-1/2 dlrs after
posting a 5-1/2 cent range, with November at 5.04-3/4.
    Slow country movement, steady to firmer cash soybean basis
values and a delayed Brazilian harvest combined to support
futures from the opening, despite a disappointing drop in the
weekly soybean export figure yesterday, traders said.
    The advance above the psychologically important 5.00 dlr
mark in both old and new crop kept the chart picture bullish,
which could limit declines when South American sales begin to
pick up later this month, they added.
    A local house steadily bought new crop November, with
another local house spreading July/Nov, pit brokers said.
 Reuter


NYSE-CONSOLIDATED 1500 ACTIVES

6,152,400 GCA CP                1/4 UNCH
3,512,300 TEXACO             34 3/8 UP     3/4
3,009,300 USX CORP           29 3/8 UP     1/8
2,357,500 BELLSOUTH          39 1/4 OFF    1/4
2,058,300 GEN MOTORS         83     UP   1 1/2
1,983,900 UNITED AIR         65     OFF    3/4
1,761,300 FORD MOTOR         89 3/8 OFF    3/4
1,745,800 IBM               148 1/2 OFF    7/8
1,660,200 GENCORP           117 3/4 OFF    1/4
1,452,000 CAESARS            31     UP     3/8

      ADVANCES    444   DECLINES    829




CHGO IMM JAPANESE YEN CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7 6926L 6929H  6929  6905
 SEP7 6970         6972  6950
 DEC7 7010         7016  7000
 MAR8 7057         7058  7042
 JUN8  --          7100  7085
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  6915H 6912L  6913  6885
 SEP7  6956B        6959  6931
 DEC7  7010         7008  6978
 MAR8  7042         7058  7027
 JUN8  7050N        7100  7050



Pork belly futures traded on both sides
of previous levels in choppy action before closing 0.62 cent
lower to 0.70 higher. July paced nearbys lower while March led
next year contracts higher. May ended at 66.17, off 0.22 cent.
    Uneven price moves persisted as locals traded on both sides
of the market. Local and wire house buying lifted prices early
before locals turned sellers and touched off stop loss orders,
traders said.
    Expectations by some traders that this afternoon's out of
town storage report would be negative to futures offset early
support generated by higher live hog markets and light hog
runs, they said.
 Reuter


said it may be forced to file for bankruptcy court protection,
or seek a liquidation of the company, if it is unsuccessful in
obtaining the financing necessary to meet its bank debt
commitments.
    The company said it has been unable to renew a short-term
borrowing arrangement with its bank or to make scheduled debt
payments.
    It also said the bank has said it will foreclose their
security interest in the company if it does not present an
acceptable payment program within the next several weeks.
 Reuter

Shr 87 cts vs 87 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 15
    Record April 20
 Reuter


******NYSE TUMBLES 45 POINTS ON PROFIT TAKING AND FUTURES RELATED SELL PROGRAMS, TRADERS SAY
Blah blah blah.



Shr loss 21 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 971,000 vs loss 318,000
    Revs 8.3 mln vs 9.2 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 43 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 1.9 mln vs profit 606,000
    Revs 32.5 mln vs 31.9 mln
    NOTE:1986 loss includes reserves of 329,000, 1985 includes
tax benefit of 352,000, 96,000, and 570,000 dlrs.1986 4th qtr
includes 850,000 dlrs writedowns, 499,000 dlr gain from sale.
    1985 net includes extraordinary items of 108,000 and gain
on sale of 1.6 mln dlrs , tax carryforward gain of 246,000
dlrs.
   
 Reuter


SANTOS COFFEE SPOTS APR 7
     CRUZADOS PER 60 KG
     ESTILO SANTOS 1.883,33
     SANTOS RIADO  1.783,33
     SEM DESCRICAO 1.683,33
     STEADY



 said its Boeing Vertol
helicopter unit proposed that U.K. Helicopter maker &lt;Westland
Plc> should build up to a third of all future Chinooks for
Britain's airforce.
    A Boeing statement made here said the work would involve up
to 12,500 man-hours per machine, and solve some of Westland's
short-term workload problems. It comes amid speculation that
Britain may pull out of the European EH-101 project, with the
possibility of up to 2,000 Westland job losses.
    Westland was rescued last year by United Technologies Corp
&lt;UTX.N> and Fiat Spa &lt;FIAT.MI>.
 Reuter

barrow and gilt prices rose 1.50
dlr, the usda said. us 1-3 210-260 lbs 51.00-51.50.
    sows - up 1.00/1.50 dlr. us 1-3 300-600 lbs 46.00-46.50.
 Reuter

Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 15
 Reuter

barrows and gilt rose 1.00 to 1.50
dlr amid good demand, the usda said. top 51.00 dlrs per cwt.
    us 1-2 210-250 lbs 50.00-50.75, few 51.00.
    us 1-3 210-250 lbs 49.50-50.25 and 250-260 lbs 48.50-49.75.
    sows - steady/up 1.00 dlr.
    us 1-3 500-650 lbs 41.00-45.00, few 46.00.
 Reuter


HOGS PURCHASED FOR SLAUGHTER - 7 MARKETS - 4/7
               NUMBER  AVERAGE AVERAGE
                       WEIGHT  COST
 Barrows/Gilts 50,090   243    49.34
 Week Ago      52,735   243    49.17
 Year Ago      65,275   243    40.25
 Sows           7,549   476    44.48
 Week Ago       7,242   476    43.63
 Year Ago       8,997   465    40.18

 Reuter




LONDON STRATEGIC METALS - APR 7
 In US dlrs warehouse rdm unless stated.
 Aluminium ingots 99.7 pct 1425 1445 a tonne
 Antimony 99.6 pct 2300 2350 a tonne
 Bismuth 99.99 pct 2.05 2.15 a lb
 Cadmium 99.95pct ingots/sticks 0.90 0.93 a lb
 Chrome metal 99.0 pct 2.45 2.55 a lb
 Cobalt broken cathodes 5.95 6.15 a lb
 Gallium ingots 99.9 pct 385 405 a kilo
 Germanium metal 50 ohm/centimetre 575 625
 dioxide 99.99 pct 430 495 both a kilo
 Indium ingots 99.97 pct 135 145
 Iridium 360 380 a troy ounce
 Manganese ferro 75/76 pct 310 320
 metal 99.7 pct 1680 1720 both a tonne
 Mercury 210 230 a flask of 76 lbs net
 Molybdenum ferro 7.80 8.00 a kilo oxide 57pct
 3.05 3.10 a lb both ex-european warehouse
 Nickel 99.5 accdg spec 1.725 1.925 a lb
 Rhodium 1215 1230 a troy ounce
 Ruthenium 72 74 a troy ounce
 Selenium 99.5 pct 4.80 5.20 a lb
 Silicon lumps 98.5 pct 1140 1190 a tonne
 Tantalite ore 25/40 pct 18 22 per lb cif
 N.E.Ports
 Titanium sponge 99.6 pct 3.80 4.20 a kilo
 Vanadium ferro 60 pct 13.30 13.50 a kilo
 pentoxide (v2o5) 98 pct 2.50 2.54 a lb.
 Wolframore min 65 pct 49 54 noml a tonne unit
 cif europe. REUTER



The Federal Reserve entered the
government securities market to arrange two-day repurchase
agreements for system account, a spokeswoman for the New York
Fed said.
    Fed funds were trading at 6-1/8 pct at the time of the
direct injection of temporary reserves, dealers said.
    Most economists had expected a less aggressive injection of
reserves via customer repurchase agreements.
 Reuter


LONDON SUGAR TRADED OPTION QUOTES - APR 7
    Unquoted.




******WHITE HOUSE SAYS A.I.D. CHIEF PETER MCPHERSON TO BE DEPUTY TREASURY SECRETARY
Blah blah blah.




******VOLCKER SAYS FED POLICY NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR PRIME RATE RISE
Blah blah blah.




LONDON STERLING RATES CLOSING -APRIL 7
 US    1.6185/95     YEN     234.80/235.05
 CAN   2.1110/40     DKR     11.1160/1310
 DMK   2.9490/9520   NKR     11.0265/0415
 DFL   3.3280/3320   SKR     10.2630/2770
 SFR   2.4470/4500   AUS SCH 20.73/80
 FFR   9.8130/8240   PORT    227.35/229.50
 BFC   61.03/14      SPAIN   206.75/207.00
 LIT   2103/2106     IRL     1.4197/4213
 ECU   1.4197/4213




LONDON SEEDS CLOSING - APR 7
   COPRA Phillipines dlrs per tonne cif rotterdam Apr 275.00
reslrs
   PALM KERNELS Sierra leone dlrs per tonne cif rotterdam Apr
175.00 slrs
   SOYBEANS cif uk east/south coast stg per tonne Jun/Aug
137.00 Sep/Dec 139.50 slrs
   LINSEED Canadian dlrs per tonne cif rotterdam Apr/May 167.00
May/Jun 166.00 slrs
    RAPESEED UK stg per tonne del Apr 297.00 paid
Humberside/Boston Apr 296.00/298.00 May 298.00/301.00 byr/slrs
    REUTER



1100 hrs cdt
 MONTHS   LAST          DIFFERENCE
 May/Jul  1-1/4  under  1-1/2  under
 Jul/Aug  even          even        
 Sep/Nov  2      under  2-1/4  under
 May/Nov  2-1/4   over  1       over
 Jul/Nov  2       over  2       over
 Nov/Jan  6-3/4  under  7      under
 Aug/Sep  no quote      4-1/2   over
 Mar/May8 no quote      no quote    
 Jan/Mar8 no quote      no quote    
 Reuter

The U.S. Mint said it is seeking
offers on 3,701,000 lbs of electrolytic copper and 629,000 lbs
of electrolytic cut nickel cathodes or briquettes that it
intends to purchase.
    It said both metals are for delivery in the week of May 11
to Olin Corp, East Alton, Ill.
    Offers for the copper are due by 1100 hrs EDT, April 21,
while offers on the nickel are due at 1100 hrs EDT on April 14.
    The Mint said that firms, in submitting their offers,
select to receive payment by standard check or be wire
transfer. Awards are determined by whichever of the two methods
is most cost advantageous, based on the cost of money at that
time.
    The minimum acceptance periods for each solicitation is
three calendar days for the copper and 10 calendar days for the
nickel, the Mint said.
 Reuter

CBT wheat futures closed from early
contract highs in new crop to trade quietly mixed at
midsession, ranging from up 3/4 cent per bushel in May to down
3/4 in new crop July.
    After opening higher on follow-through speculative buying
after yesterday's technically strong close, prices eased on
trade-talk that some countries who were holding buying tenders
this week have rejected U.S. offers or have taken wheat from
other exporting countries, traders said.
    However, the strong chart picture probably will limit
declines, they added.
    Cargill Grain was the featured seller in new crop July,
sparking rumors that the U.S. is currently not competitive on
the World wheat market, even with government programs.
 Reuter

More generic grain certificates
should be released onto the market in order for the U.S.
certificate program to have its full effect on commodities,
according to a study by Sparks Commodities Inc.
    The Agriculture Department should make grain deficiency
payments and paid land diversion payments in a two-third
certificate, one-third cash ratio through fiscal year 1989, 
Carroll Brunthaver, president of Sparks Commodities, told a
House agriculture subcommittee hearing on certificates.
    Thereafter, government payments should be issued in roughly
a 50-50 split between cash and certificates, Brunthaver said.
    The Sparks study on certificates examined two possible
scenarios through the 1990 growing season -- a "zero
certificate case," where no certificate program was assumed,
and an alternative case labeled "adequate certificate case" in
which sufficient certificates would be released so that grain
prices would not be artificially supported by market shortages
due to acreage reduction programs or government holdings.
    The study showed that total grain use under the adequate
certificate scenario would exceed the zero certificate scenario
by 11.2 pct.
    Usage would be markedly more in 1989 and 1990, when grain
usage under a certificate program was estimated to exceed the
zero certificate case by 15 to 19 pct.
    For the five-year period examined, government expenditures
under the adequate certificate case were 7.0 billion dlrs, or
7.5 pct less than under the zero certificate case.
    The Sparks study said that 5.1 billion dlrs, or 70 pct of
those savings resulted from smaller government storage costs.
    The study also estimated that government grain stocks under
the adequate certificate case would be 4.7 billion bushels
below the zero certificate case at the end of the period
examined.
    The Sparks study said that while certificates permit market
prices to fall below loan levels, these lower prices increase
commodity usage and reduce the net costs of certificates versus
cash.
 Reuter

feeder cattle steady amid good
demand, the usda said.
    steers - medium, few large, frame 1 - 540-600 lbs
75.30-81.50, 650-700 lbs 70.05-73.90 and 700-800 lbs
70.20-73.20.
    heifers - medium frame 1 - 550-600 lbs 66.50-71.00, 625-700
lbs 66.00-68.10 and 700-800 lbs 64.50-67.80.
 Reuter

barrow and gilt prices rose 1.50 dlr
to mostly 1.75 dlr in active trade amid very good demand, the
usda said. top 52.00 dlrs per cwt.
    us 1-3 220-250 lbs 51.75-52.00, 210-220 lbs 51.50-52.00 and
some near 200 lbs 50.50.
    sows - up 0.50 dlr.
    us 1-3 500-650 lbs 46.00-46.50 and few 600-650 lbs 47.00.
 Reuter

MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7     285            UP  1 1/2
 JUL7     282            UP  1 1/4
 SEP7 277 1/2            UP  1 1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

The dollar was steady ahead of a series
of meetings of leading finance ministers starting today in
Washington, despite low expectations for the outcome of the
talks and still negative underlying sentiment toward the
dollar.
    "There's too much disagreement between the Japanese and the
rest for them to come out with anything unanimous," said one
U.K. Merchant bank trader, reflecting the general tone.
    However, dealers said position squaring helped push the
dollar to a final 1.8240/50 marks, up from the opening
1.8195/205 and near yesterday's close of 1.8245/55.
    Meanwhile, the pound was underpinned by today's opinion
poll findings of further strong support for the Conservative
Party, but fear of Bank of England intervention limited buying.
    Dealers said they doubted the U.K. Central bank had needed
to sell sterling to curb rises today, with the markets so
quiet. The Bank of England was rumoured to have sold pounds
yesterday.
    Sterling ended at 72.3 pct on the trade weighted index,
unchanged from the opening but off 0.1 point from yesterday's
finish. It closed at 1.6185/95 dlrs, after an opening 1.6213/23
and previous close of 1.6163/73, and at 2.9490/520 marks,
against an opening 2.9540/75 and yesterday's 2.9490/530.
    Traders said there was little hope that the Western
financiers will be able to find a lasting solution to the
problem of currency instability during the current series of
talks in Washington.
    These are scheduled to start today with an informal Group
of Five (G-5) session.
    Tomorrow's Group of Seven meeting - of the U.S., Japan,
West Germany, France, the U.K., Italy and Canada - is seen as
the key meeting.
    Traders said few operators will be prepared to open
positions ahead of news emerging from the talks.
    However, some traders said that, given the low level of
expectations, the market could be particularly susceptible to
signs of accord between the U.S. And Japan, which would give
the dollar a sharp upward push.
    They said interest is still largely centred on the yen,
with any fresh dollar weakness expected to show in that market
first.
    Meanwhile, today's comments from U.S. Federal Reserve Board
Chairman Paul Volcker failed to have a lasting impact on the
market. His statement that a further sizeable dollar fall could
be counter-productive aided a brief run-up in mid-afternoon,
but there was little followthrough, traders said.
    The dollar finished at 145.25/35 yen, up from an opening
145.05/15 but below yesterday's European close of 146.00/10.
    It ended at 1.5120/30 Swiss francs, against the start of
1.5130/40 and previous final 1.5180/90, and at 6.0650/700
French francs, after beginning at 6.0525/75 and ending
yesterday at 6.0660/710.
 REUTER


******GENERAL PARTNERS IS TERMINATING OFFER FOR GENCORP INC
Blah blah blah.



Hard wheat futures closed 1-1/4 to
1/2 cents lower in light trading as exporter selling erased
early gains to close the market near session lows, traders
said. May closed 1-1/4 cents lower at 2.72-3/4 dlrs.
    Prices opened steady to higher on some follow-through
buying from yesterday and hopes for new export sales in tenders
scheduled this week. But selling by a major exporter brought
prices off their highs, and the lack of strong buying interest
reversed those gains.
    Volume remained generally thin with little other fresh news
in the market. Cargill sold 1.0 mln bushels of May, and Staley
bought May and July, pit brokers said. Some intra-market
spreading was noted with players on both sides of July/December
at 7-1/2 cents, they said.
 Reuter

Platinum futures finished higher as 
the metal continued to follow the strong silver market,
analysts said.
    The key July platinum delivery settled at 572.20 dlrs an
ounce, up 3.60 dlrs but below a session high of 577.50 dlrs.
Other months gained 3.70 to 4.60 dlrs.
    However, steady trade selling and skittish speculators kept
platinum well below session highs. "Most metals players are in
the silver pit, not here," said one floor analyst.
    Meanwhile, palladium ended 25 to 50 cts firmer, but also
under the day's highs, in sympathy.
 Reuter

Shr 50 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 9,421,000 vs 9,312,000
    Rev 37.7 mln vs 36.3 mln
    Avg shrs 17,049,920 vs 21,173,570
    NOTE: Per-share results adjusted for two-for-one common
stock split in June 1986
 Reuter

The CFTC reported the following stocks
of wheat in Chicago as of Friday, April 3 , deliverable against
CBT wheat futures in 000's bushels -
                        CURRENT  WEEK  YEAR
                        WEEK     AGO   AGO
 SOFT RED WINTER            0       0   25
 HARD RED WINTER         1639    1635   54
 DARK NORTHERN SPRING       0       0    0
 NORTHERN SPRING            8       5    0
 TOTAL DEL GRADES        1647    1640   79
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED   79      69   15
 CCC STOCKS              2584    2584  800
 TOTAL WHEAT STOCKS      4310    4293  894
 Reuter

The U.S. Agriculture Department
reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average
price through April 7 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -
         Natl   Loan           Release   Call
         Avge   Rate-X  Level    Price  Price
 Wheat   2.63   2.40       IV     4.65     --
                            V     4.65     --
                           VI     4.45     --
 Corn    1.38   1.92       IV     3.15   3.15
                            V     3.25     --
 X - 1986 Rates.
          Natl   Loan          Release   Call
          Avge   Rate-X  Level   Price  Price
 Oats     1.58   0.99        V    1.65    -- 
 Barley   1.52   1.56       IV    2.55   2.55
                             V    2.65    -- 
 Sorghum  2.53   3.25-Y     IV    5.36   5.36
                             V    5.54    -- 
    Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
 Reuter

Brazil has set up a special debt
commission, headed by Finance Minister Dilson Funaro, to be
responsible for renegotiating Brazil's 109 billion dollar
foreign debt, officials said.
    The principal negotiator on the commission, created by
President Jose Sarney, will be former foreign minister Ramiro
Saraiva Guerreiro.
    Officials said Guerreiro would be joined on the commission
by eight senior officials, including a representative of the
National Security Council.
    The creation of the commission is intended to underscore
the Brazilian government's contention that the debt issue is
essentially political and that a political solution must be
found to the problem.
    On February 20 Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68
billion dollar foreign bank debt to try to force the issue.
    Creditor banks, however, have signalled that they are
equally determined to resist Brazil's demands for debt relief.
    Yesterday Funaro travelled to the United States for fresh
debt negotiations with creditors deeply angered by Brasilia's
suspension of interest payments.
    Funaro was due to hold talks in New York today with the
private sector, before travelling to Washington for the semi-
annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World
Bank.
    Officials said the new commission would start work in
earnest when Funaro returns from the United States.
    Yesterday Funaro called for a new forum for discussion of
the foreign debt. He suggested direct participation of the
governments of creditor countries in debt talks.
    In negotiations on commercial debt, talks have
traditionally been restricted to banks.
    The creation of the new commission brings Brazil's highly
professional Foreign Ministry much more into the forefront on
the debt issue than it has been in the past.
    During the period of military rule, which ended in 1985,
the Foreign Ministry played a very minor role in debt policy.
    But the new commission has diplomats among its members and
the chief negotiator, Saraiva Guerreiro, is a seasoned envoy
with a long diplomatic career.
 Reuter


 N.Y. RUBBER DEALERS EXDOCK 1615-APR 7
                               (CENTS PER LB)
 No 1 rss int landed exdock east coast
 Apr  46-5/8n  May  46-5/8n   June 46-5/8n
 No 2 rss int landed exdock east coast
 Apr  45-1/2n  May 45-1/2n    June 45-1/2n
 No 3 rss int landed exdock east coast
 Apr  44-1/2n  May  44-1/2n  June 44-1/2n
 No 4 rss int landed exdock east coast
 Apr  43-7/8n  May 43-7/8n   June 43-7/8n
 No 1 rss int spot ny 46-5/8n
 No 1 rss int cif any us port Apr 45-1/8n
 No 3 rss int fob malaysian port 38-1/8n
 Std Indonesian rubber (sir) 20 39-3/4n




CBT SILVER CLSG (2) 7-APR
1,000 OUNCE
        SETT
APR7   6750
MAY7   6780
JUN7   6820
AUG7   6900
OCT7   6980
DEC7   7080
FEB8   7150
APR8   7200
JUN8   7300
AUG8   7400



Shr nine cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,356,000 vs 1,041,000
    Revs 9.7 mln vs 8.4 mln
 Reuter

Qtly dividend 52-1/2 cts vs 52-1/2 cts
    Pay May one
    record April 17
 Reuter

Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay July 1
    Record May 7
 Reuter


SANTOS ENTREGAS DIRETAS COFFEE CLSG APR 7
     CRUZADOS PER 60 KG
     APR      2.000,00
     MAY      2.100,00
     JUN      2.200,00
     MAY/JUN  2.300,00
     JLY/DEC  2.800,00
     JAN/JUN  3.200,00
     QUIET



General Physics Corp said it will
purchase up to 100,000 shares of its common stock from time to
time in open market transactions.
    The purchase would represent approximately 16 pct of the
shares in the public float, the company said. Yesterday, the
last bid price of General Physics common stock as quoted by
Nasdaq was 15 dlrs, the company said.
 Reuter


LME COPPER KERBS AFT OPENING - APR 7
 Copper Grade "A' 3months 878.00 879.00



emery Air Freight Corp said March
shipments were up 19 pct to 1,349,000 from 1,134,000 a year
earlier and weight was up 27 pct to 61.4 mln pounds from 48.4
mln.
 Reuter


LONDON SOYBEANMEAL CLOSING - APR 7
 APR 120.0 121.5 nil
 JUN 115.5 115.9 nil
 AUG 111.7 111.9 111.5 111.5 15
 OCT 112.5 113.0 112.5 112.5 45
 DEC 115.0 116.0 nil
 FEB 119.0 119.5 119.0 119.0 25
 APR 120.0 122.2 nil
 85



Midwest cash soybean meal basis values
were steady, with more active trade beginning to emerge, soy
product dealers said.
    With crush margins at unfavorable levels, processors in
Indiana, South Carolina and Tennessee are cutting back
operations and preparing to take downtime, they said.
    Demand from the eastern market was steady following the
increase that emerged after the weekend snowstorm, while the
export market appeared to be cooling off, they said.
    Soyoil trade continued in the doldrums, with offers
unchanged, but could turn active if crushers continue taking
substantial downtime, dealers said.
    Spot Illinois rail 44 pct protein soybean meal was offered
at 4.00 dlrs over May, with Decatur unrestricted at 6.00 over,
and eastern delivery 5.00 over, all unchanged.
    Prompt Illinois rail 48 pct protein soymeal was offered at
20.00 over, unchanged, with Decatur unrestricted at 21.00 over,
up 1.00. Eastern delivery was quoted at 18.00 over, unchanged.
    Truck-delivered soymeal also held steady, with Danville,
Illinois quoted at 8.00 and 24.00 dlrs over for 44 and 48 pct
respectively.
    Spot central Illinois soybean oil was quoted at 0.65 to
0.70 cent per lb under May nominal, unchanged.
 Reuter

None posted, Total todate 146.


LONDON RUBBER INDEX FUTURES SETTLEMENTS - APR 7
           SETTLEMENT  HIGH LOW   SALES
 May        585  595              nil
 Jun        585  595              nil
 Jul/Sep    585  595              nil
                      TOTAL SALES Nil



Leading industrial nations will be
reviewing the Paris agreement to stabilize exchange rates,
foster increased worldwide growth and reduce trade imbalances
but the U.S. thinks the accord has been successful so far, a
senior U.S. Treasury official said.
    "The Paris accord will be reviewed at this meeting. It has
been successful and continues to be succesfull," a senior U.S.
Treasury official told reporters.
    In a briefing ahead of this week's semiannual IMF and World
Bank meetings, he also said the U.S. was looking to West
Germany and Japan to bolster their economic growth.
    The official said both surplus countries, like West Germany
and Japan, and deficit countries, like the U.S., agreed to play
a role in bringing about more balanced economic growth.
    He reaffirmed the U.S. would press ahead with efforts to
reduce its budget deficit, resist protectionism and boost U.S.
competitiveness.
    The official also said that he expected trade issues, like
the dispute between the U.S. and Japan over microchips, to be
included in the discussions.
    The official made no direct comment on the content or
schedule of forthcoming Group of Five and Group of Seven
discussions. He said that industrial countries are concerned
that the large external imbalances remain a threat to the
international monetary system.
    He added that the meetings will also provide an opportunity
to discuss economic policy coordination efforts.
    The official said indicators would be used to measure
policy objectives of industrial countries and their economic
projections.
    They would also be used to assess progress of policy goals.
    Asked whether the U.S. was proposing a new initiative
regarding the indicators, the official said the issue would be
reported to the Venice Summit in June. Monetary sources said
the U.S. proposal envisages using the indicators to make policy
coordination agreements, like the Paris Accord, more binding.
 Reuter

Malaysian and Indonesian palm oil production is
likely to drop sharply this year because of lower yields, the
Hamburg-based newsletter Oil World said.(XYGP 1330)
    NEW YORK - Comex silver futures soared 15 to 18 cents on
opening and then retreated slightly as followthrough buying
slowed. May was up 12.5 cents at 6.705 dlrs from a high of 6.75
dlrs. July was up 13.1 at 6.785 dlrs from 6.84 dlrs. (MMSU
1404) In LONDON, LME silver ended the morning with three months
large trading at a new five month high of 420 pence per troy
ounce, versus yesterday's kerb close 415/418 pence.(MMSL 1327)
    LONDON - Cargill U.K. Ltd said its oilseed processing plant
in Seaforth, northwest England, will resume operations tomorrow
morning following settlement of a labour dispute which has
paralysed production there since December 19. (XYHY 1405)
    SAO PAULO - A Brazilian seamen's strike, which began on
February 27 and has been tapering off for weeks, has now ended,
a seamen's spokesman said.(XYGH 1305)
    WASHINGTON - Kuwait has asked at least four countries,
including the U.S., Soviet Union, Britain and China, for
temporary use of their flags or tankers to protect Kuwaiti oil
shipments in the Persian Gulf, U.S. Officials said. (XYJV 1535)
    BRUSSELS - The European Commission has not taken a decision
on applications from the British government for the release of
200,000 tonnes of intervention feed wheat onto the British
market in May and June, Commission sources said. (XYJN 1519)
    CHICAGO - CBT wheat futures opened firmer to again set new
contract highs in new crop, then back off those highs to hold
gains of 1-1/4 cents per bushel in May, with new crop July
unchanged in light early dealings.(WHCB)
    MADRID - Spain is to sign an barley order with Saudi Arabia
for April/May delivery, trade sources said. They gave no
further details, but said it would be a "major" order.(XYGX 1333)
    LONDON - Trading volume on the London Commodity Exchange
held steady overall in March, according to figures issued by
the International Commodities Clearing House. Total volume was
238,287 lots against 235,665 in March 1986 and 233,403 in
February 1987. (XYKM 1559)
 REUTER


NY COMEX GOLD 12:01
 APR7  4192 UP  7
 MAY7 UNTRD
 JUN7  4232 UP  6
 AUG7  4278 UP  5
 OCT7  4327 UP  10
 DEC7  4365 UP  4
 FEB8  4422 UP  15
 APR8 UNTRD
 JUN8 UNTRD
 AUG8 UNTRD
 OCT8 UNTRD
 DEC8 UNTRD
 FEB9 UNTRD




N.Y. SPOT TIN NOON - APRIL 7
Spot 315.00/317.00
Apr  315.00/317.00
May  316.00/318.00
June 317.00/319.00
July 318.00/320.00
(cts per lb)



The board of directors of Manhattan
National Corp said it has named Charles Hinckley chairman and
chief executive officer of the life insurance holding company,
replacing Wilmot Wheeler Jr, who returns to his former position
of vice chairman.
    Hinckley is also president and chief executive officer of
&lt;Union Central Life Insurance Co>, a mutual insurer that on
March 31 acquired 3.6 mln shares of Manhattan National's common
stock for 43.2 mln dlrs, or 12 dlrs a share, a spokesman for
Manhattan National said.
    The spokesman said the purchase, coupled with the 900,096
Manhattan National shares Union Central already owned, brought
Union Central's Manhattan National stake up to 52.2 pct of the
outstanding common shares.
    Manhattan National said it also named five others from
Union Central to its board of directors.
    The spokesman said Union Central now holds seven of
Manhattan National's thirteen seats on the board of directors.
    The company also said it named Paul Aniskovich Jr president
and chief executive officer of its Manhattan Life Insurance Co
and Manhattan National Life Insurance Co units.
    Aniskovich, who fills a vacancy at the units, formerly was
executive vice president of Union Central Life.
 Reuter

barrow and gilt prices rose mostly 1.00
dlr in active trade, the usda said. top 51.75 dlrs per cwt.
    us 1-3 220-260 lbs 51.00-51.50, near 100 head 230-240 lbs
51.75.
    sows - steady/up 0.50 dlr. us 1-3 500-650 lbs 45.50-46.00.
 Reuter

Plexus Resources Corp said it
will undertake an 11 mln Canadian dlr equity financing package
to allow development of the Rawhide Gold Project in central
Nevada.
    It said the financing will take place upon execution of
contracts currently being concluded with &lt;Peter Kiewit Sons
Inc's> Kiewit Mining Group unit and Standard Oil Co's &lt;SRD>
Kennecott unit.
 Reuter

Live cattle futures continued to trade
unevenly and at midsession prices stood 0.17 cent higher to
0.25 lower with spot April pacing the gain and distant April
off most.
    Mixed profit-taking continued to partly offset demand
prompted by further gains in cash cattle and private reports of
higher cash beef prices. All months posted new season's highs
early before slipping, traders said.
    Market ready supplies of cattle remain tight and a rising
wholesale carcass beef and boxed beef market is prompting good
packer interest for cash cattle. Strong stoppers of deliveries
added to strength in April, they said.
 Reuter

LME nickel ended the afternoon rings with
three months metal indicated from 2,355 to 2,360 stg per tonne,
equivalent to 1.7175 dlrs per lb, unchanged from yesterday's
afternoon kerb close.
    The afternoon first ring slipped to the day's low of 2,355
in very quiet trading which mostly comprised miscellaneous
carries, traders said. The session high of 2,370 stg was
reached near the official morning ring close on trade buying
before speculative profittaking and hedging operations halted
the advance, traders said. Analysts said the brief rise above
the 1.72 dlr level gave the market a slightly bullish
appearance.
    There was still borrowing interest over the last two
delivery months at a narrower contango of five stg.
 REUTER

CBT soybean futures held gains of three
to 6-1/2 cents per bushel in moderately light midsession trade,
with new crop supported by local house buying.
    Slow country movement, steady to firmer cash soybean basis
values and a delayed Brazilian harvest combined to support
futures from the opening, despite a disappointing drop in the
weekly soybean export figure yesterday, traders said.
    The advance above the psychologically important 5.00 dlr
mark in both old and new crop kept the chart picture bullish,
which could limit declines when South American sales begin to
pick-up later this month, they added.
    However, some traders said new crop prices above 5.00 dlrs
a bushel could encourage some farmers to plant more soybean
acres than they originally planned.
 Reuter

Wall Street demonstrated its
perseverance today as it recovered from an early wave of
selling and posted a strong advance at midday. The gain was
fueled by a strong auto sector as investors accumulated the
stocks in anticipation of bullish news later this week.
    The Dow Industrials, down 10 in the first minutes of the
session when a weak dollar and falling bond prices underscored
the market's lingering interest rate anxieties, recovered to
stand at 2417, up 11 points at midday. The broader market
showed less vigor, however, as advances eked out a lead over
declines. Volume was a strong 106 mln shares.
   Ford, up over a point for most of the session, stood at
90-5/8, up 1/2. Traders said that speculation that the company
will announce a stock split and dividend increase at its board
meeting on Thursday, encouraged the buying. Ford rose 2-5/8
yesterday.
    General Motors rose 1-5/8 to 83-1/8 in anticipation of
bullish news coming out of an analysts meeting scheduled for
Thursday and Friday, traders said. Chrysler, not expected to
make any major announcements this week, fell 1/2 to 57-3/4.
    "With the bonds weak this morning, the blue chips have been
holding the market up and that advance was sustained by an
influx of foreign money," analyst Charles Jensen of MKI
Securities said. "But poor breadth and poor performance by the
transport and utility averages and the fact the market is at
the top of its trading band supported in large part by foreign
cash, makes this market vulnerable," he said.
    Traders noted that Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker's
remarks today concerning the dollar's performance and its
bearing on monetary policy, injected caution into many
investors.
 Reuter

The following cash sorghum prices
were reported by trade sources this morning in dlrs per cwt-
    LOCATION         TODAY      PREVIOUS
 Delivered
    W COAST          4.50-4.55  4.48-4.53 
    GULF             3.23-3.28  3.27-3.32 
 FOB Country Points
    WEST TEXAS       3.20       3.20      
    TEXAS PANHANDLE  3.05       3.05      
 Reuter

May Department Stores Co said it named
Ronald Tanler as chairman of the company's L.S. Ayres
department store division based in Indianapolis, filling a
long-time vacancy.
    It said Robert Friedman continues as president and chief
executive officer of L.S. Ayres.
    Tanler had served the company as senior vice president and
chief financial officer of its St. Louis-based Famous-Barr
department store division.
 Reuter

CTS/BU BASIS MPLS may
 SPRING WHEAT
 ORD     17un unch 
 11.00   12un unch 
 12.00    3p  up 5 
 13.00   11p  unch 
 14.00   38p  unch 
 15.00   90p  unch 
 16.00  130p  unch 
 17.00  135pn unch 
 NC-NO COMPARISON unch-UNCHANGED dn-DOWN P-PLUS U-UNDER N-NOML
    CTS BU BASIS MPLS may  
 WINTER WHEAT
       MPLS/S. DAKOTA   N. DAKOTA/MONTANA
 ORD     18un unch       18un unch 
 10.00   15un unch       15un unch 
 11.00    3un dn 2       optn dn 2 
 12.00    3p  dn 2        6p  dn 2 
 13.00   18p  unch       10p  unch 
 14.00   38pn unch       38pn unch 
 15.00   75pn unch       75pn unch 
 16.00   89pn unch       89pn unch 
 NC-NO COMPARISON unch-UNCHANGED dn-DOWN P-PLUS U-UNDER N-NOML
 Reuter


MINNEAPOLIS CASH MALTING BARLEY PRICES APR 7 
 65 OR BETTER PLUMP, 13.5 OR LESS PROTEIN
 MOREX/ROBUST   2.00-2.05     NEW CROP
 BEACON  UNQUOTED
 LARKER  UNQUOTED
 Reuter




******AVON SAYS IT TO BUY GIORGIO INC, A FRAGRANCE COMPANY, FOR 185 MLN DLRS
Blah blah blah.




CBT CLSG (4) 7-APR
SOYBEANS      OPEN         HIGH     LOW
CORRECTED REPETITION
 MAY7  499 1/2L  499 3/4H      505  499 1/2
 JUL7  499 3/4L  500 1/2H  507 1/4  499 3/4
 AUG7      500L  500 1/4H      507      500
 SEP7      496H  495 1/2L  503 1/2  495 1/2
 NOV7  496 1/2             505 3/4  496 1/2
 JAN8  504 1/4L  504 1/2H  512 1/4  504 1/4
 MAR8  511 1/2             519 1/2  511 1/2
 MAY8      515L  515 1/2H      522      515
 JUL8  520 1/2                 523  520 1/2
             CLOSE       P SETT
 MAY7      504L 504 3/4H  499 3/4
 JUL7      507H 506 1/4L  500 1/4
 AUG7  506 1/2H 506 1/4L  499 1/2
 SEP7      502L 502 1/4H      494
 NOV7  504 1/2L     505H      496
 JAN8  511 3/4H 511 1/2L  502 1/2
 MAR8  518 3/4L 519 1/2H      510
 MAY8      522                514
 JUL8      523                514




******TWA SAYS MARCH SYSTEM LOAD FACTOR RISES TO 67.4 PCT FROM 60.4 PCT A YEAR AGO
Blah blah blah.



Magma Copper Co, a subsidiary of
Newmont Mining Corp, said it is lowering its copper cathode
price by 0.50 cent to 65.50 cents a lb, effective immediately.
 Reuter

U.S. trade representative Clayton
Yeutter said that if Congress were to require trade
retaliation, it would only close markets and would result in
less trade.
    In remarks prepared for an address to members of the
University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business, Yeutter
said many Congressional proposals do not appear to be overtly
protectionist, yet their undeniable effect would be to close
off market opportunitites, just as exchange rate movement is
unleashing such opportunities for the first time in several
years.
    "Despite all our progress on trade policy and despite the
President's comprehensive competitiveness initiative, there are
many in Congress who still are supporting trade bills
containing many dangerous provisions," Yuetter said.
    Yeutter said many countries would prefer U.S. retaliation
to opening their own markets. "We should be intelligent enough
to not let them off the hook that easily," he said.
    He said that tough but flexible legislative language is
infinitely preferable to tough but inflexible language.
    Both House and Senate trade proposals place undesirable
limits on Presidential discretion, he said.
    "Limiting the President's ability to consider all available
options on issues as sensitive as these would be most unwise,"
Yeutter said. "That could readily provoke retaliation, which
would unneccesarily embroil us in trade wars, injuring most
competitive export industries."
    Yeutter said present U.S. trade laws are fundamentally
sound.
    President Reagan has threatened or implemented retaliation
eight times in the last 18 months -- most recently in the case
of Japanese semiconductors being dumped in world markets.
    "He took these steps as a last resort, only after carefully
analyzing all the contingencies on a case by case basis and
only after determining that such actions would open markets to
American exports", he said.
    Yeutter said it would be foolish to attempt to solve the
U.S. trade deficit by focusing on trade policy alone. He added
that the trade deficit was created primarily by macroeconomic
policy shortcomings here and abroad.
 Reuter

Comex gold futures closed stronger and
near the day's highs, underpinned by a buoyant silver market,
brokers said.
    Silver again set the pace for the precious metals. Silver
posted a sharp rise on continued speculative purchases amid
hopes it would soon hit seven dlrs an ounce in the May
contract. Silver finished near session highs, analysts noted.
    Gold for delivery in June settled at 426.20 dlrs an ounce,
up 3.60 dlrs and just slightly under a day's high of 426.50
dlrs. Gold bullion rose to 422.25/3.25 dlrs from 418.10/60 dlrs
yesterday. Other contracts rose 3.60 to four dlrs.
 Reuter

GenCorp Inc said the decision by
General Partners, comprised of AFG Industries and Wagner and
Brown, to end its hostile offer for the company supports its
belief that the buy back offer it announced yesterday was a
"financially superior alternative."
    GenCorp said it would annouce details of its plans to buy
back 54 pct of its stock for 1.6 billion dlrs, or 130 dlrs a
share, later this week. GenCorp's buy back was made to fend off
the hostile 2.3 billion dlr, 100-dlr-a-share, tender offer by
AFG and Wagner and Brown.
    Earlier today AFG and Wagner and Brown said that without
the benefit of additional information available to GenCorp's
management, it cannot compete economically with GenCorp's
proposal.
    The group said it is ending its tender offer for GenCorp
and promptly return to tendering shareholders all shares
tendered pursuant to its offer.
    The group owns 9.8 pct, or 2,180,608 shares, of GenCorp's
outstanding shares.
 Reuter

Shr 38 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 1,356,754 vs 1,048,340
    Assets 448.5 mln vs 407.4 mln
   
 Reuter

Hooker Corp Ltd of Australia said it has
named A. Anthony McLellen to the new position of president of
Hooker Holdings (U.S.A.) Inc, the holding company for Hooker
Corp's U.S. operations.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it is
keeping GenCorp Inc's 100 mln dlrs of BB-plus subordinated debt
on creditwatch with negative implications.
    S and P cited the company's announcement that it will
purchase up to 54 pct of its common stock shares for 1.6
billion dlrs. GenCorp will finance some of the buy back with
bank loans, the agency noted.
    GenCorp was originally placed on creditwatch for a possible
downgrade after a partnership affiliated with AFG Industries
Inc &lt;AFG> and Wagner and Brown made a tender offer of 110 dlrs
per share, or 2.2 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

 and
Goldsil Resources Ltd said they had agreed to merge.
    The merged company will issue to each Golden Rule
shareholder 1-1/2 shares and one warrant. The warrant will be
for a term of two years. Payment of 3.10 dlrs and delivery of
two warrants will entitle the shareholder to one additional
share of the merged company, the companies said.
    Each Goldsil shareholder will receive one share and
one-half warrant. The warrant will be for a term of two years.
Payment of 3.10 dlrs and delivery of two warrants will entitle
the shareholder to one additional share of the merged company.
 Reuter


LONDON RUBBER PHYSICALS CLOSING - APR 7
 pence per kilo
 No.1 RSS
 SPOT 60.00 61.00
 May 61.50 62.50 Jun 61.00 62.00
 No.2 RSS
 May 57.50 58.50 Jun unquoted
 No.3 RSS
 May 56.00 57.00 Jun unquoted



20 Sierra Leone type 2 and three Zaire type 3
originals were posted. Total todate 43.

The use of generic commodity
certificates, or "certs," for fiscal years 1986-88 will save
the government 50 to 100 mln dlrs, Department of Agriculture
Undersecretary Daniel Amstutz said.
    Speaking at a House agriculture subcommittee hearing on the
use of the certificates, Amstutz said that the issuance of 8.5
billion dlrs of certificates during fiscal years 1986-88 could
result in government outlays of up to 400 mln dlrs.
    However, the use of certificates preclude the need for 450
to 500 mln dlrs in storage and handling costs, resulting in net
savings for the government of 50-100 mln dlrs, he said.
    Without the use of certificates, Amstutz said nearly the
entire 1985 crop which had been put under loan would have been
forfeited to the Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC.
    In addition, 260 mln bushels of grain that have been
redeemed from CCC inventory through certificate exchanges would
have remained in the goverment inventory, he said.
    When asked to comment on a recent study by the General
Accounting Office that concluded certificates result in a net
cost to the government, Amstutz said, "GAO underestimated the
benefits and overstated the costs" of the certificate program.
    Amstutz said while certificates encourage more loan
entries, they also encourage heavier loan redemptions rather
than forfeitures.
    GAO underestimated this net loan activity, Amstutz said.
    "There is no question in the mind of the Department of
Agriculture that these certificates have been very useful,"
Amstutz said.
    Immediate benefits of certificates include greater market
liquidity, improved market price competitiveness, higher farm
income, and improved debt situation and decreased carrying
costs, he said.
    Certificates are an integral part of USDA's long-range
market-oriented farm policy, he said.
    Amstutz told subcommittee Chairman Rep. Dan Glickman,
D-Kans., that USDA is in the process of preparing an official
response to the GAO study on certificates and will submit it to
the subcommittee when completed.
 Reuter


LONDON DOLLAR CROSS RATES CLOSING - APRIL 7
      SPOT           1 MONTH      3 MONTHS     6 MONTHS
 STG 1.6185/95       52/49        133/128      228/223
 DMK 1.8240/50       42/39        122/117      247/242
 SFR 1.5120/30       48/43        114/109      228/218
 DFL 2.0575/85       19/16        58/53        130/125
 BFC 37.73/78        01/04        03/08        09/16
 FFR 6.0650/0700     85/105       240/270      465/515
 LIT 1299/1300       310/360      900/1100     1800/2300
 YEN 145.25/35       34/30        98/93        200/190
 CAN     1.3050/55
 BFR     37.90/93
 DKR     6.8750/8800
 NKR     6.8225/75
 SKR     6.3500/50
 AUS SCH 12.81/83
 HK      7.8012/17
 IRL     1.4650/70



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7     285            UP  1 1/2
 JUL7 280 3/4            UNCH
 SEP7 276 1/2            UP    1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


CME 12:15  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.80 UP  0.40
JUN7  65.17 UP  0.15
AUG7  61.00 UP  0.13
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.20 UP  0.10
MAY7  68.32 UP  0.10
AUG7  66.60 UP  0.20
HOGS
APR7  50.70 UP  0.88
JUN7  49.60 UP  1.13
JUL7  47.95 UP  1.08
BELLIES
MAY7  67.30 UP  0.90
JUL7  65.70 UP  0.85
AUG7  62.60 UP  1.00
FEB8  56.25 UP  0.65



Motorola Inc said it has selected
&lt;Oregon Software's> Pascal-2 compilers as the compiler for its
MC68000 family of 16-bit microprocessor chips under the
VERSados and SYSTEM V/68 operating systems.
    Also, Motorola said that its Microcomputer Division and
Oregon Software will be the sole supplier of the Pascal
suppliers.
    Motorola said the Pascal-2 compiler for SYSTEM V/68,
supporting the MC68020 and MC68881, is priced at 2,800 dlrs for
June delivery.
    It added that the Pascal-2 compiler for the VERSAdos system
is priced at 2,800 dlrs for June delivery.
 Reuter

MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7     285            UP  1 1/2
 JUL7 281 1/4            UP    1/2
 SEP7 276 1/2            UP    1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


NY COCOA 12:30

 MAY7  1924 OFF 10
 JUL7  1957 OFF 10
 SEP7  1985 OFF 4
 DEC7  2012 OFF 3
 MAR8 UNTRD
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD




CME 12:30  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.75 UP  0.35
JUN7  65.17 UP  0.15
AUG7  61.07 UP  0.20
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.22 UP  0.12
MAY7  68.30 UP  0.08
AUG7  66.65 UP  0.25
HOGS
APR7  50.70 UP  0.88
JUN7  49.60 UP  1.13
JUL7  47.90 UP  1.03
BELLIES
MAY7  67.05 UP  0.65
JUL7  65.55 UP  0.70
AUG7  62.55 UP  0.95
FEB8  56.27 UP  0.67




CBT 12:30 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 1/4 UNCH
JUL7  271 1/2 OFF 1 1/4
SEP7  272 1/4 OFF  3/4
DEC7  277 1/4 OFF  3/4
MAR8  277 OFF  1/4
CORN
MAY7  159 1/2 UP  1 1/4
JUL7  163 UP  1 1/4
SEP7  168 UP  1 3/4
DEC7  176 1/2 UP  1 3/4
MAR8  183 1/2 UP  1 3/4
OATS
MAY7  148 1/2 OFF 1 1/2
JUL7  138 OFF  1/2
SEP7  129 UP   3/4
DEC7  134 1/2 UP   1/2
MAR8  136 3/4 UNCH
BEANS
MAY7  502 UP  2 1/4
JUL7  503 1/4 UP  3
AUG7  503 UP  3 1/2
SEP7  499 1/2 UP  5 1/2
NOV7  501 3/4 UP  5 3/4
JAN8  508 1/2 UP  6
MEAL
MAY7  1460 UP  7
JUL7  1459 UP  8
AUG7  1460 UP  10
SEP7  1465 UP  14
OCT7  1467 UP  16
OIL
MAY7  1555 UP  12
JUL7  1589 UP  11
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1638 UP  13



Comex gold futures held pared gains at
midsession after the metal repeatedly stalled in the face of
trade selling resistance, analysts said.
    They attributed gold's modest price rise to a buoyant
silver market. Professional traders and investors again bought
silver on speculation it would soon hit seven dlrs an ounce.
    The pacesetting June gold delivery traded at 423.60 dlrs an
ounce, up one dlr but below a session high of 425.20 dlrs.
Other contracts were 80 cts to 1.50 dlrs firmer.
    Trading was thin as participants closely watched the
foreign exchange and U.S. stock markets, brokers said.
 Reuter

NOON CDT  APRIL 7
        CENTS PER LB    CHANGE
 BELLIES
 12-14  60              unch
 14-16  60              unch
 16-18  57              unch
 HAMS
 14-17  unquoted
 17-20  73-73-1/2       off 10-1/2 to 11
 LOINS
 14-18  98-100          unch to up 2
 18-22  100             up 4
 Reuter


NYMEX PLATINUM ESTIMATED VOLUME-APRIL 7
 APL    118
 JNE      0
 JLY   4526
 OCT    188
 JAN      6
 APL      8
 Jly      0
Estimated volume  4,846
Prev official volume   4,321



New immigration rules relating to
alien farm workers and reportedly being drafted by the U.S.
Agriculture Department are meeting with objections in Congress,
sources on Capitol Hill said.
    USDA is drafting regulations, required by a 1986 law, that
would offer amnesty to illegal aliens if they worked in the
cultivation of fruits, vegetables and other perishable
commodities.
    The department is considering including in its definition
of perishable commodities such farm products as tobacco, hops,
Spanish reeds and Christmas trees, while excluding sugar cane,
the New York Times reported yesterday.
    Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif., would like to see the
definition extended to include sugar cane, cultivation of which
is "a breeding ground for one of the scandals of the nation,"
Gene Smith, a spokesman for Berman, said.
    Livestock, dairy and poultry producers have been lobbying
USDA hard to have their products covered by the amnesty
provision, farm industry sources said.
    Chuck Fields of the American Farm Bureau Federation said
livestock producers were "desperate" because they fear they will
be unable to retain the many illegal aliens who have joined
that industry.
    A House staff member involved in drafting the landmark 1986
immigration law who asked not to be identified said Congress
did not mean to extend special amnesty provisions to workers
who helped cultivate tobacco, and that inclusion of hops and
Spanish reeds was "marginal."
    In addition, lawmakers made it clear during consideration
of the bill that lumber workers were not to be covered by the
the amnesty provisions, making the inclusion of Christmas trees
"a tough call," this source said.
    USDA officials declined to comment on the draft regulation
except to say it was subject to change before it will be
released, probably some time later this month.
    While lawmakers may object to the USDA rule under
consideration relating to perishable commodities, Congress is
not likely to reopen debate on the controversial immigration
question, congressional sources said.
    The amnesty provision specially designed for farm workers
was crucial to passage of the overall immigration bill.
    Congressional staff members estimate the special farm
worker amnesty provision would apply to between 250,000 to
350,000 aliens. The law would allow eligible farm workers who
worked for 90 days during the year ending May 1, 1986, to apply
for temporary, then permanent, resident status.
 Reuter


NY COFFEE CLSG 7-APR
         OPEN       HIGH   LOW    CLOSE
 MAY7 10230L 10250H 10430 10190 10425
 JUL7 10390L 10410H 10625 10375 10625
 SEP7 10600L 10620H 10820 10580 10800L 10820H
 DEC7 10890L 10899H 11085 10890 11085
 MAR8 11100         11100 11100 11200B 11201A
 MAY8 11150B 11300A 11300 11300 11250B 11300A
 JUL8 11300B 11350A 11600 11600 11600
 SEP8 11350B          --    --  11725B 11800A
     SETT   P SETT
 MAY7  10425  10204
 JUL7  10625  10400
 SEP7  10807  10605
 DEC7  11085  10900
 MAR8  11201  11050
 MAY8  11275  11250
 JUL8  11600  11413
 SEP8  11766  11487



graded grain meeting exchange quality
requirements for futures delivery, excluding CCC-owned grain.
Includes all non-CCC deliverable grades regardless of whether
receipted and/or registered.
    Non-del. Grades/Ungraded - Graded grain not meeting
exchange quality requirements for futures delivery and ungraded
grain, excluding CCC-owned grain.
    CCC Stocks - grains owned by CCC.
    Non-deliverable classes or subclasses of grain (e.g. white
wheat or white corn) are not included in any of the figures.
    * year ago data for this category is not available.
 Reuter


WALL STREET INDICES 1500

 NYSE COMPOSITE        169.42 OFF 1.54
 NYSE INDUSTRIALS      205.85 OFF 1.63
 S AND P COMPOSITE     299.72 OFF 2.23

 NYSE-A VOLUME    198974200

 AMEX INDEX            342.46 UP  0.23

 AMEX-B VOLUME    14324504




NYSE INDICATION - TODD SHIPYARDS CORP &lt;TOD>, 16-1/4 TO 17-1/2,
LAST 16-1/2



Magma Copper Co, a subsidiary of
Newmont Mining Corp, said it is lowering its copper cathode
price by 0.50 cent to 65.50 cents a lb, effective immediately.
 Reuter


SPOT COTTON MARKETS
         15/16 INCH
               APRIL 7     prev
 Montgomery      4800      4793
 Memphis         4850      4900
 Dallas          5040      5115
 Lubbock         5115      5115
 Average         4951      4981
     1-1/16 inch                    combined
                                    sales
 Montgomery      5275      5205      1532
 Memphis         5400      5450      3317
 Dallas          5425      5500         0
 Lubbock         5400      5400      7268
 Greenville      5325      5255         0
 Greenwood       5400      5400      5462
 Phoenix         5400      5330        34
 Fresno          6025      5955         0
 Average         5456      5437
 Total combined sales              17,613
 Sales since Aug 1, 1986  total 5,535,017



Period ended Jan 31
    Shr loss three cts vs loss two cts
    Net loss 183,500 vs loss 163,800
    Sales 608,800 vs 1,156,100
    Year
    Shr loss 16 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net loss 1,128,600 vs loss 1,081,600
    Sales 3,811,200 vs 6,968,700
   
 Reuter


NYMEX HEATING OIL CLSG 7-APR
          OPEN      HIGH   LOW     CLOSE
 MAY7 4900L  4905H  4955  4900  4920L  4930H
 JUN7 4845L  4855H  4915  4850  4885L  4895H
 JUL7 4835          4900  4835  4870
 AUG7 4880          4930  4875   --
 SEP7 4950          5000  4950   --
 OCT7  --           5085  5050   --
 NOV7  --           5130  5110   --
 DEC7  --           5250  5170  5170
 JAN8  --           5219  5219   --
 FEB8  --           5220  5220   --
 MAR8  --            --    --    --
 APR8  --            --    --    --
 MAY8  --            --    --    --
 JUN8  --            --    --    --
    SETT  P SETT    SETT  P SETT    SETT P SETT
 MAY7 4924  4879 JUN7 4893  4831 JUL7 4870  4816
 AUG7 4917  4862 SEP7 4987  4930 OCT7 5062  5009
 NOV7 5132  5085 DEC7 5202  5160 JAN8 5252  5219
 FEB8 5282   --  MAR8  --    --  APR8  --   4915
 MAY8  --     85 JUN8  --    --



Iraq said its forces were battling to
dislodge Iranian troops from territory they gained during a new
three-pronged offensive on the war front near the southern city
of Basra.
    The third High Command communique issued during the day
said the Iranians launched a major overnight assault on the
fronts of three Iraqi divisions, the Qutaiba, Muthanna and
Mohammed al-Qassem forces.
    The communique said the Iranian troops which attacked the
Qutaiba front were annihilated but the invading force managed
to gain some footholds on the other fronts.
    "Fierce fighting has been raging since dawn today and all
morning where our forces succeeded in dislodging the Iranians
from all the positions they gained at the Muthanna front and
the situation ended in Iraq's favour," the communique said.
    It said Iraqi forces were continuing counter-attacks to
drive the Iranians from the few positions they were still
holding on the front of the Mohammed al-Qassem forces.
    The precise locations of the three fronts were not given. A
previous Iranian offensive launched in January towards Basra,
Iraq's second city, was halted with Baghdad saying the Iranians
had gained only a narrow strip of Iraqi territory.
 Reuter

Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve rose on April 6 to 4.262 billion dlrs from 3.876
billion dlrs on the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 4.950
billion dlrs from 5.004 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 9.212 billion
dlrs on April 6 compared with 8.880 billion dlrs on April 3.
 Reuter


CANADIAN EXCHANGE NOON - APR 7
 U.S. dollar 1.3052/57

  




NY COCOA 11:31

 MAY7  1928 OFF 6
 JUL7  1961 OFF 6
 SEP7  1984 OFF 5
 DEC7  2010 OFF 5
 MAR8 UNTRD
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD



Stone Container Corp said it filed a
registration statement for a secondary offering of 1,933,453
shares of its common stock.
    It said the shares and warrants originally were issued to
Champion International Corp, a holder of 1,633,453 shares of
Stone common stock and warrants to buy an additional 300,000
common shares, in connection with the February, 1986
acquisition by the company of a major portion of Champion's
Brown Papers System.
    Stone said it will receive 9.75 mln dlrs from underwriters
as a result of their exercise of the warrants.
 Reuter


NY COCOA 12:00
 MAY7  1921 OFF 13
 JUL7  1957 OFF 10
 SEP7  1984 OFF 5
 DEC7  2012 OFF 3
 MAR8 UNTRD
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD




NYSE-CONSOLIDATED 1200 ACTIVES

5,423,600 GCA CP               7/32 OFF   1/32
2,597,400 TEXACO             34 5/8 UP   1
2,210,200 BELLSOUTH          39 3/8 OFF    1/8
1,775,000 USX CORP           29 3/8 UP     1/8
1,325,600 GEN MOTORS         83 1/4 UP   1 3/4
1,290,800 UNITED AIR         65     OFF    3/4
1,270,400 FORD MOTOR         91     UP     7/8
1,179,100 OKLAHO G&amp;E         32 5/8 OFF    5/8
1,134,100 CAESARS            31 1/8 UP     1/2
1,018,200 IBM               149 3/4 UP     3/8

      ADVANCES    647   DECLINES    566




AMEX-CONSOLIDATED 1200 ACTIVES

  407,800 WESTERN DIG        25 5/8 UP   1
  398,600 WICKES COS          4 1/4 UNCH
  261,000 TEXAS AIR          40 5/8 OFF  1 7/8
  257,700 WANG LAB B         15 3/8 UNCH
  241,700 ALZA CP            37 5/8 UP   2

      ADVANCES    291   DECLINES    190



1100 hrs cdt
 MONTHS   LAST         DIFFERENCE
 Jul/May  3-3/4   over 3-1/2   over
 Dec/Jul  13-1/2  over 13-1/2  over
 Jul/Sep  4-3/4  under 5      under
 Sep/May  no quote     8-3/4   over
 Sep/Dec  no quote     8-1/4  under
 Dec/Mar8 no quote     no quote    
 May/Dec  17     under 17     under
 Reuter

1100 hrs cdt
 MONTHS    LAST         DIFFERENCE
 May/Jul   even         even      
 Jul/Aug   even         0.10  over
 Jul/Dec   no quote     1.80 under
 Oct/Dec   no quote     1.10 under
 Dec/Jan   no quote     0.70 under
 Oct/Jan   no quote     1.80 under
 Reuter

Trading volume on the London Commodity
Exchange held steady overall in March, according to figures
issued by the International Commodities Clearing House.
    Total volume was 238,287 lots against 235,665 in March 1986
and 233,403 in February 1987.
    Cocoa volume was down to 62,686 lots last month from 82,192
lots in March 1986. It totalled 65,662 in February 1987.
    However, coffee volume grew to 100,597 lots from 93,440 a
year earlier and 83,283 in February this year.
    Sugar trading totalled 75,004 lots, up on the March 1986
total of 60,033, but below February's 84,458.
    For the whole first quarter, sugar volume was substantially
higher at 232,601 against last year's 115,987, while coffee was
down to 269,190 from 433,487.
    Cocoa volume in the first quarter this year fell to 190,142
from 221,899 in 1986 and total volume for the three commodities
was down to 691,933 from 771,373.
 Reuter

Toronto stocks prices rose higher into
record territory, bolstered by the resource sector, but slowed
the momentum of the four-session climb.
    The composite index rose 13.30 points to 3894.60 on volume
of 19.4 mln shares. Most stock groups joined in the rally with
advances outpacing declines 443 to 339.
    Gold miner Galactic Resources improved 7/8 to 10-1/8. It
announced yesterday plans to merge with Quartz Mountain Gold
and said Cornucopia Resources granted an option to enter into a
Nevada joint venture. In other golds, Hemlo Gold gained 7/8 to
27-1/4 and Lacana Mining rose 1-1/8 to 18-1/4.
    Oil shares provided support for the session's advance as
oils also turned higher on Wall Street. Imperial Oil class A
surged 7/8 to 73 dlrs, Shell Canada won 3/4 to 42-3/4 and
Texaco Canada improved 3/4 to 36-3/4.
    Dome Petroleum slipped one ct to 1.15 dlrs after gaining
eight cts yesterday. Analysts said the stock was attractive on
a technical basis, adding they were increasingly optimistic
that Dome will complete a debt reorganization.
    Forest products continued higher. Rising issues included
Canfor Corp 1-1/4 to 35-3/4, British Columbia Forest Products
1/2 to 21-1/4 and Consolidated-Bathurst 1/4 to 21-1/4.
    Non-precious metals also joined in the resource-based
rally. Alcan added 1/4 to reach 54-1/8, Falconbridge firmed 3/8
to 20-1/4 among actives and Inco firmed 1/8 to 21-7/8.
    Volume leaders were mixed. Top active Canadian Pacific
edged down 1/8 to 24-7/8 and Northern Telecom slipped 1/4 to
59-3/4, while International Thomson rose 1/4 to 16-1/2.
    Montreal's market portfolio index gained 7.67 points to
1942.70 with mining, utility and oil stock groups higher.
    In Vancouver, the index rose 8.6 points to 1882.6.
 Reuter

Shr primary 24 cts vs 25 cts
    Shr diluted 21 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 530,583 vs 493,423
    Revs 10.2 mln vs 9,834,578
 Reuter

There is no consensus so far among
industrial countries on an agreement providing debt relief for
the world's poorest nations, a senior U.S. Treasury official
said.
    The official said, "There has not been a consensus reached
yet," when asked about reports the Paris club of western
creditors had agreed to long-term stretch outs of African debt
at concessional interest rates.
    The official, briefing reporters on this week's semiannual
IMF meetings, said the issue would be discussed this week and
the U.S. had an open mind on the proposal but it did object to
concessional interest rate relief.
 Reuter

Feeder Cattle futures traded 0.02 cent
lower to 0.25 higher in light midsession dealings.
    All but distant March posted a new season's high on general
demand before profit-taking developed. Spreading of long
deferred cattle futures/short May feeder cattle added to the
pressure in May, traders said.
    Although profit-taking weighed on prices, strong
fundamentals continued to provide support. Cash feeder cattle
remain strong on limited supplies and continued gains in live
cattle futures prompted spillover demand.
    The average feeder steer price, USFSP, rose 10 cents in the
past two reporting days, traders noted.
 Reuter

Shr 15 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 2,407,000 vs 2,393,000
    Revs 117.2 mln vs 67.1 mln
    Note: Aggregate judgments in antitrust and other suits of
77 mln dlrs not included in year-ago or 1987 1st qtr results.
Company said any portion of this amount, including related
interest or attorneys' fees, would be proportionately reflected
as a reduction in its minority interest of Sealy recorded on
its consolidated balance sheet upon final settlement of
litigation.
    Note: Consolidated balance sheet as of end of 1st qtr
reflects after-tax impact of 50 mln dlr settlement won by Sealy
licensee in Michigan.
    1987 results include all operations of all acquired
Sealy-brand licensees and 82 pct of Sealy. Remaining 18 pct of
Sealy is recorded as minority interest.
    Proceeds of 170 mln dlrs from sale of stock and debt were
used to reduce balance of revolving credit agreement to 80 mln
dlrs. Accordingly, 250 mln dlr obligation to banks under credit
agreement was recorded as a long-term liability as of end of
1st qtr.
    Note: In April, company intends to acquire Michigan Sealy
licensee and fund transaction with 25 mln dlrs in cash and
borrow balance required from banks.
 Reuter


CBT SOYBEANS VOLUME/OPEN INTEREST FOR APR 6
 000'S-BUSHELS-volume/exchange/open-int/change
 May 87  21665  7410 114990  dn   725
 Jly 87  24740    10 156585  up  4075
 Aug 87   5270     0  40240  up  1210
 Sep 87   1505     0  18670  up    10
 Nov 87  17970   195  90095  up  1005
 Jan 88    660     0   7170  up   200
 Mch 88     65     0   3095  up    25
 May 88     70     0    670  up    60
 Jly 88     55     0    105  up    55
 Total   72000  7615 431620  up  5915
 Reuter




******BOESKY AIDE DAVIDOFF CONSENTS TO SEC PENALTIES; AGREES TO HELP INVESTIGATION
Blah blah blah.



Cocoa futures ended a moderate day's
trade narrowly mixed from last night at one stg down to two up
in a 2,227 lot volume including 523 crossed and 278 switches.
    Dealers said contrasting bearish and bullish factors kept
the market in narrow range trading, leaving July quoted at
1,319 stg from 1,318 asked yesterday and a high-low of
1,324/1,316.
    Prices were pressured early by firm sterling against the
dollar as well as overhead West African new crop offers.
    Opposing support was seen from prospective ICCO buffer
stock buying (possibly next week) and recent Bahia Temperao
crop forecasts at down to 1.5 mln bags, dealers said.
    The Ivory Coast was believed to have sold new crop
yesterday around 1,325 French francs per 100 kilos cif while
Ghana was also reported to be offering new crop at 1,460 stg a
tonne cif.
    Such offers were still available although the fall from
earlier highs would have made them out of reach, dealers said.
    Resale physicals were basically quiet although some
book-squaring was likely to have taken place in the run-up to
buffer stock buying, they said.
 REUTER

House Democratic leader Thomas Foley
said he thought the House would approve a budget resolution
calling for 22 billion dlrs of new revenues including 18
billion dlrs of new taxes.
    "I think we will have enough votes to pass the budget
resolution and implement it," Foley told reporters.
    Asked why he thought a majority of the House was willing to
support higher taxes, Foley said, "The deficit problem has
become more apparent." President Reagan has said he will veto
any legislation raising taxes. The House is expected to act on
the budget resolution this week.
 Reuter

LME zinc after lunch held steady around
lower morning levels as some light buying emerged around the
730 dlrs equivalent level, dealers said. This saw three months
delivery end afternoon ring dealings at 456 stg, down one stg a
tonne from yesterday afternoon's kerb close, and the dollar
equivalent ended around 733 dlrs, down one.
    In the morning, light trade selling in a thin market had
taken three months down to 730 but failed to attract any follow
through selling.
 REUTER


CHICAGO RECEIPTS AND SHIPMENTS FOR APRIL 7 
    (IN BUSHELS)
              WHEAT   CORN    SOYBEANS
 TOTAL RCPTS      933 273,818  15,162
 TOTAL SHPTS        0 145,251       0
 RAIL  RCPTS        0 151,000       0
 RAIL  SHPTS        0 145,251       0
 TRUCK RCPTS      933 122,818  15,162
 Reuter




******MOODY'S DOWNGRADES 1.8 BILLION DLRS OF DEERE, RELATED DEBT
Blah blah blah.




NY COMEX GOLD CLSG 7-APR
           OPEN     HIGH  LOW      CLOSE
 APR7 4205          4225  4185  4220L  4225H
 MAY7 4222B  4227A   --    --   4238
 JUN7 4250          4265  4223  4256L  4265H
 AUG7 4293B  4298A  4307  4275  4307
 OCT7 4340          4352  4314  4352
 DEC7 4373          4394  4355  4387L  4394H
 FEB8 4430          4430  4412  4444
 APR8 4473B  4478A  4465  4460  4490
 JUN8 4518B  4523A  4505  4505  4536
 AUG8 4566B  4571A   --    --   4585
 OCT8 4615B  4620A  4605  4605  4635
 DEC8 4664B  4669A  4655  4653  4684
 FEB9 4712B  4717A   --    --   4733
      SETT   P SETT       SETT   P SETT
 APR7  4222    4185   APR8  4490    4453
 MAY7  4238    4202   JUN8  4536    4498
 JUN7  4262    4226   AUG8  4585    4546
 AUG7  4309    4273   OCT8  4635    4595
 OCT7  4353    4317   DEC8  4684    4644
 DEC7  4397    4361   FEB9  4733    4692
 FEB8  4444    4407




CHICAGO DELIVERABLE CORN STOCKS
    CHICAGO, April 7  The CFTC reported the following stocks of
corn in Chicago as of Friday, april 3 , deliverable against
Chicago Board of Trade futures in 000's bushels -
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES              11502    12358  7038
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED   284      347   234
 CCC STOCKS              11898    11898  8631
 TOTAL CORN STOCKS       23684    24603 15903
 Reuter



The CFTC reported the following stocks
of soybeans in Toledo as of Friday, april 3 , deliverable
against Chicago Board of Trade futures in 000's bushels -
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES              1625     1747   5338
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED  294      238    242
 CCC STOCKS              1085     1085    329
 TOTAL SOYBEAN STOCKS    3004     3070   5909

 Reuter

The CFTC reported stocks of northern
spring wheat in deliverable positions as of Friday, April 3 
(in 000s of bushels).
    Mpls      4/3/87  Week Ago  Year Ago
 Deliverable    2187      2235       982
 Non-Del/Ungr    699       639       305
 CCC Stocks    17381     17414     19390
 Total Stock   20267     20288     20677
    Duluth       4/3/87   Week Ago  Year Ago
 Deliverable       1029      1247        576
 Non-Del/Ungr      1165      1350        791
 CCC Stocks       16309     16710      20082
 Total Stocks     18503     19307      21449
 Reuter

CBT wheat futures rebounded from
midsession lows to close 2-1/2 cents to 1/4 cent per bushel
higher in light trade. May settled at 2.88-3/4 dlrs after
posting a 2-3/4 cent range on the day.
    After opening higher on followthrough speculative buying
after yesterday's technically strong close, setting contract
highs in new crop, prices eased on trade talk some countries
who were holding buying tenders this week have rejected U.S.
offers or have taken wheat from other exporting countries,
traders said.
    However, the strong chart picture and strength in corn and
soybeans provided solid background support for wheat.
    Cargill was the featured seller in new crop July, sparking
the midsession selloff.
 Reuter

Honduras will tender April 13 under
Public Law 480 for U.S. and non-U.S. flag vessels to deliver
approximately 52,500 tonnes of various wheats in bulk, an agent
for the country said.
    The agent said deliveries of northern spring/dns wheat will
include laydays of July 1-10 for 7,500-9,500 tonnes, August
1-10 for 8,000-10,000 tonnes, and September 15-25 for
12,500-14,500 tonnes.
    Deliveries of hard red winter wheat will have laydays of
June 20-30 for 5,000-7,000 tonnes, July 15-25 for 6,500-8,500
tonnes, and September 15-25 for 7,000-9,000 tonnes.
    Offers are due by 1200 hrs EDT, April 13, and will remain
valid until the close of business April 14, the agent said.
 Reuter

Wall Street stocks remained depressed
in active trading. Weakness in the bond market reignited
investors' anxiety about interest rates and triggered profit
taking and arbitrage related program selling, traders said.
Technology stocks were sharply lower.
    The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 23 points to 2383.
Declines led advances by a two-one margin on volume of 171 mln
shares.
    General Motors gained 1-1/4 to 82-3/4 in active trading.
Traders said investors expect postive comments at an analysts
meeting at the end of the week.
   
 Reuter

Perceptronics Inc said its
FAAC Perceptronics subsidiary received a 2.7 mln dlr contract
from the Naval Air Development Center in Warminster, Pa.
    The contract calls for the company to develop software for
Naval aircraft training simulators and F-14D weapons systems
analysis, Perceptronics said.
 
 Reuter


U.S. LARD AND TALLOW - APRIL 7
    (CTS PER LB SPOT CHICAGO)
 CENTRIFUGAL PROCESS LARD FOB  14.50 - UNC
            - CIF GREAT LAKES  14.50/14.75N
            - FOB NEW YORK     16.75N
            - FAS NEW YORK     16.50N
 TALLOW - EDIBLE               14.00 - UNC
 INEDIBLE BLEACHABLE           12.50 - UNC
 GREASE CHOICE WHITE (ALL HOG) 10.50 - UNC
 UNC - UNCHANGED  N - NOMINAL
 A - ASKED
 Reuter



The New York brokerage firm of Spear,
Leeds and Kellogg told the Securities and Exchange Commission
it had increased its preferred stock in Allegheny International
Inc to 8.6 pct, from 7 pct.
    It said it may buy additional shares, but had not decided
whether to offer its shares in response to a tender offer by
Sunter Acquisition Corp, a unit of First Boston Inc.
    The brokerage firm said it bought the Allegheny shares
March 30-April 2 for 86.50-87.25 dlrs each.
 reuter

Corroon and Black Corp said it
completed the acuqisition of &lt;Contractors Planning Group Inc>
in an exchange of shares.
    Contractors is headquartered in Garden City, N.Y., and has
branch offices in Philadelphia, Boston, and Cheshire, Conn.
 Reuter

University Patents Inc said its
optical products subsidiary sold 5,652 Alges soft bifocal
contact lenses in March, after allowances for exchanges and
returns.
    The lenses were approved for marketing in April 1986 by the
Food and Drug Administration.
 Reuter

Oils and oilseeds traded quietly this
afternoon and price movements were marginally mixed.
    Dutch soyoil showed small gains with support coming from
early mark-ups in Chicago soyoil futures.
    Firm Argentine markets maintained levels in the
sunflowerseed oil section but palm oil tended to move off early
highs due to lack of buying support and the reported rejection
of rbd oil offers by Pakistan at its tender today.
    Demand for coconut oil and palm kernel oil faded and here
again early gains were pared.
    Dutch soyoil traded at 65.50 guilders for May, rising to 71
for Nov/Jan deliveries ex-mill while any origin sunflowerseed
oil sold at 346.50 dlrs for May/Jul and 357.50 for Aug/Oct call
ex-tank Rotterdam.
    No fresh trade was reported for coconut oil or palm kernel
oil and palm oil also met an idle afternoon.
    Among oilseeds, April deliveries of U.K. Rapeseed traded to
Boston, U.K. East coast, at 297 stg per tonne.
 REUTER


NY COMEX SILVER 12:00

 APR7  6670 UP  122
 MAY7  6705 UP  125
 JUN7  6730 UP  113
 JUL7  6785 UP  131
 SEP7  6865 UP  135
 DEC7  6975 UP  137
 JAN8  7000 UP  124
 MAR8  7060 UP  114
 MAY8  7190 UP  165




NY COFFEE  12:00
 MAY7  10216 UP  12
 JUL7  10405 UP  5
 SEP7  10610 UP  5
 DEC7  10900 UNCH
 MAR8  11100 UP  50
 MAY8  11300 UP  50
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD




LME METAL KERBS AFTERNOON - APR 7
    COPPER Grade A 5025 tonnes mainly carries 3months 878.50
79.00 78.50 78.00 close 878.00 78.50
    Standard nil unquoted
    LEAD 150 tonnes cash 308.00 3months nil close 301.00 02.00
    ZINC High grade 1825 tonnes mainly carries 3months 457.00
58.00 58.50 close 458.50 59.00
    SILVER Large and Small nil unquoted
    ALUMINIUM 19250 tonnes mainly carries 3months 804.00 05.00
06.00 06.50 06.00 close 805.50 06.50
    NICKEL 54 tonnes 3months 2355 close 2355 60
 REUTER




 HANDY/HARMAN U.S. SILVER PRICE - APR 7
 Handy and Harman (bullion) 668.50 (660.50)




NASDAQ COMP 12:01
COMP   437.37   OFF 0.41




NYSE 12:01
NY COMP   71.52   UP  0.56
INDS      08.47   UP  0.99
TRANS     43.09   UP  0.07
UTILS     75.66   OFF 0.16



Belgium is launching a euro-commercial paper
program for an unlimited amount with the issuance planned
immediately after signing in mid-May, First Chicago Ltd said as
arranger.
    London - Colombia is in the process of arranging two
co-financings for projects in the electrical sector, director
of public credit Mauricio Cabrera said.
    Abidjan - The African Development Bank said it increased
its lending by 42.1 pct last year to 1.64 billion dlrs from
1.15 billion dlrs in 1985.
    Manila - The Asian Development Bank said it had approved
two loans amounting to 75.7 mln dlrs for agricultural projects
in Bangladesh and Nepal.
    Washington - Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker
said debtor nations have made much progress in laying the
groundwork for economic growth, but a solution to world debt
difficulties was endangered by inaction on new financing.
    Paris - The French treasury has decided to repay 680 mln
francs of debt issued before 1950, the Finance ministry said.
 REUTER

 plans
to issue 200 mln guilder, 6.5 pct, six-year bonds at an issue
price of 101.00 pct with 200,000 warrants, lead-manager
Amsterdam-Rotterdam Bank NV (Amro) said.
    From July 16, 1990, Aegon may, at its option, redeem early
the bonds in whole or in part. The issue has denominations of
1,000 guilders.
    The warrants give the right to subscribe to a second series
of bonds, a 200 mln guilder, 6.5 pct, six-year bullet loan. The
issue price of the warrants has been fixed at 30 guilders each.
    From May 15 this year up to and including July 15, 1990,
each warrant will entitle the holder to the bullet by surrender
of the other bond and a warrant.
    After July 16, 1990, each warrant will entitle the holder
to acquire one bullet at a price of 100 pct of the nominal
value plus accrued interest from the preceding coupon date.
    Aegon will pay the holders of unexercised warrants,
outstanding on July 15, 1993, 15.00 guilders each.
    Subscriptions close April 16 and pay date is May 14.
    Coupon date is July 15.
    Application will be made for listing on the Amsterdam Stock
Exchange. Amro said it was the second time it arranged a bond
with debt warrants for Aegon.
    This type of issue gives the holder the opportunity, in
times of falling interest rates, to ensure himself of a fixed
maturity loan, while with unchanged or rising rates, he has the
option not to exercise his warrant, Amro said.
    In the underwriting syndicate are ABN bank, Morgan Bank
Nederland, NMB bank, Rabo-bank, Pierson, Heldring en Pierson,
Mees en Hope, Van Haften en Co, Citicorp Investment Bank (The
Netherlands) and Swiss Bank Corp Int Holland.
 REUTER

Lorimar/Telepictures Corp said
its Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon and Eckhardt unit has been named the
advertising agency for the Lawn Boy unit of Outboard Marine
Corp &lt;OMC>, replacing Walker and Associates.
    Annual billings are estimated at four mln dlrs, it said.
 Reuter

Raw sugar futures rallied from session
lows by late afternoon on jobber shortcovering and trade
buying, posting pared losses from last night of 1.20 to 0.60
dlrs.
    The rally mirrored a similar upturn in New York after the
market had reacted bearishly to the realisation that new raws
offtake from China and the Soviet Union was not materialising.
    However, dealers said, sentiment was still buoyed by
prospective whites buying by India, Syria and Pakistan.
    Tomorrow's European Community (EC) tender result was
difficult to predict after last week's authorisation of 102,350
tonnes at the highest-ever subsidy of 46.864 Ecus per 100 kilos.
    Tomorrow's EC tender was made all the more difficult to
project by the movement last week of nearly 800,000 tonnes
sugar to intervention by operators protesting about low
rebates, dealers said.
    Near Aug was finally quoted at 154.60/154.80 dlrs
(bid-asked) from 155.80/156 last night and a session high-low
of 155.80/152.
    Volume late afternoon was 3,371 lots including nearly 2,000
lots crossed.
    London Daily Raws prices fell 3.50 dlrs on tone to 147 fob
and 171 (105.50 stg) cif and the Whites 2.50 dlrs to 190.
 REUTER


CBT 12:20 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 3/4 UP   1/2
JUL7  271 3/4 OFF 1
SEP7  272 1/2 OFF  1/2
DEC7  277 1/2 OFF  1/2
MAR8  277 1/4 UNCH
CORN
MAY7  159 1/2 UP  1 1/4
JUL7  163 1/2 UP  1 3/4
SEP7  168 1/2 UP  2 1/4
DEC7  176 1/2 UP  1 3/4
MAR8  183 3/4 UP  2
OATS
MAY7  149 OFF 1
JUL7  138 1/2 UNCH
SEP7  129 3/4 UP  1 1/2
DEC7  134 1/2 UP   1/2
MAR8  136 3/4 UNCH
BEANS
MAY7  502 1/4 UP  2 1/2
JUL7  503 3/4 UP  3 1/2
AUG7  504 1/4 UP  4 3/4
SEP7  499 1/2 UP  5 1/2
NOV7  501 1/2 UP  5 1/2
JAN8  509 UP  6 1/2
MEAL
MAY7  1461 UP  8
JUL7  1461 UP  10
AUG7  1461 UP  11
SEP7  1467 UP  16
OCT7  1469 UP  18
OIL
MAY7  1554 UP  11
JUL7  1590 UP  12
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1638 UP  13



Cotton planting continued progressing
in the week ended April 5, but cold, wet weather in the South
hampered seedbed preparation, the Joint Agricultural Weather
Facility of the U.S. Agriculture and Commerce Departments said.
    In a summary of its Weather and Crops Bulletin, the agency
said planting increased in California as soil temperatures
improved.
    Texas planted 10 pct compared with an average of eight pct.
Arizona and Georgia planted 35 pct and two pct, respectively,
it said.
    Oklahoma farmers prepared 10 pct of their cotton seedbeds,
15 points below average, the agency said.
 Reuter

Scores of Syrian troops marched into the battered
Shatila Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut in a bid to quell
five months of fighting in Lebanon's "camps war," witnesses said.
Beirut radio stations said Syrian troops would deploy at points
around the camp, besieged by Shi'ite Moslem Amal militia, to
guarantee freedom of movement for refugees.
    - - - -
    WASHINGTON - President Reagan said neither the United
States nor the Soviet Union would occupy new embassies in each
other's capitals until he was certain the new U.S. Building in
Moscow was secure. He added a special review board headed by
former Defence Secretary Melvin Laird would examine serious
security breaches at the U.S. Diplomatic mission in Moscow.
    - - - -
    BAHRAIN - Iran reported launching a new offensive east of
Iraq's southern city of Basra, saying troops supported by
planes had killed over 2,400 Iraqis. Baghdad said its forces
had repulsed the attack, killing thousands of Iranians.
    - - - -
    ZEEBRUGGE, Belgium - A capsized British car ferry with up
to 140 bodies entombed inside was winched upright in a mammoth
salvage operation.
    - - - -
    BONN - West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl told President
Ronald Reagan in a letter that Bonn backed a superpower pact to
ban medium-range missiles from Europe but was concerned about
any parallel ban on shorter-range missiles.
    - - - -
    BRUSSELS - Syria, a key state in Middle East politics, is
showing flexibility towards the idea of an international
conference on peace in the region, Belgian Foreign Minister Leo
Tindemans said after talks with King Hussein of Jordan.
    - - - -
    WASHINGTON - Kuwait has asked at least four countries,
including the United States and Soviet Union, for use of their
flags or tankers to protect oil shipments in the Gulf, U.S.
Officials said. Britain and China were also asked, they added.
    - - - -
    CHANDIGARH, India - Sikh extremists killed five people and
set ablaze cigarette, liquor and barber shops in Punjab in a
new trial of strength with the state's moderate government over
fundamentalist reforms.
    - - - -
    LONDON - Prospects for a June election in Britain rose
after senior members of Prime Minister Thatcher's Conservative
party urged her to go to the country a year early in the wake
of more polls giving the party a commanding lead.
    - - - -
    ROME - Italy's government is expected to fall tomorrow
following a decision by the majority Christian Democrats to
withdraw their 16 ministers unless Socialist Prime Minister
Bettino Craxi resigns, political sources said.
    - - - -
    BAHIA BLANCA, Argentina - Pope John Paul began a swing
through Argentina's rich agricultural interior with a strong
defence of the rights of rural workers, saying they had been
neglected too long.
    - - - -
    ANKARA - A Turkish military court jailed former deputy
prime minister Alpaslan Turkes for 11 years on charges of
forming an armed gang and sentenced five supporters to death
for murder, Anatolian Agency reported.
 REUTER


 N.Y. GOLD CLOSING - APR 7
 422.25/423.25




as of Friday, April 3 , 1986.
    WHEAT - 2,602,000 bushels including 1,647,000 in CHICAGO
and   955,000 in TOLEDO.
    CORN - 26,620,000 bushels including 11,502,000 in CHICAGO,
14,478,000 in TOLEDO and 640,000 in ST LOUIS.
    SOYBEANS - 1,879,000  bushels including 254,000 in CHICAGO
and 1,625,000 in TOLEDO.
    OATS -   871,000 bushels including zero in CHICAGO and  
871,000 in MINNEAPOLIS.
 Reuter


N.Y. COMMODITY FUTURES ESTIMATED VOLUMES - APRIL 7
 Time                   11.00  12.00  13.00  CLOSE
 Coffee                   825   1343   1837   3605
 Cocoa                    756   1058   1114   1461
 Sugar 11                7040  11682  16403  20339
 Sugar 14                  16     38     38     48
 Orange                  ----    ---    ---   1000
 Cotton                  ----    ---    ---   3800
 Sugar 11 options calls   364    655    825   1040
 Sugar 11 options puts    115    233    327    435
 Reuter



The CFTC reported the following stocks
of corn in Toledo as of Friday, April 3 , deliverable against
Chicago Board of Trade futures (in 000's bushels) -
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES              14478   15326 17456
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED  3903    4291   802
 CCC STOCKS               9336    9198  2463
 TOTAL CORN STOCKS       27717   28815 20721
 Reuter

Lumber futures recovered from lows to
close 3.10 to 0.10 dlrs per tbf lower. May paced the setback
and ended at 187.70 dlrs.
    Futures moved lower all morning on long liquidation. Stop
loss orders added to the setback before late shortcovering
trimmed losses, traders said.
    Pressure reflected declines in financial futures, which
prompted concern that interest rates may rise, and private
reports of further weakness in cash product. Demand for spruce
is slow and mills are looking for buyers, they noted.
    Shearson, Merrill, Shatkin, Dean Witter and Cargill sold on
the decline. Merchants spread long May/short September at one
time, they added.
 Reuter


OMAHA DAILY GRAIN PRICES
 No1 HRW Wheat               278-1/2-279    
 No2 Yellow Corn             147-150
 No2 Heavy Oats              160    
 No2 Yellow Sorghum          270    
 NO1 YELLOW SOYBEANS         488-490
 Reuter



The following initial securities
offerings were filed recently with the Securities and Exchange
Commission:
    RehabCare Corp, Chesterfield, Mo. - 2.5 mln shares of
common stock at an estimated 10-13 dlrs a share through an
underwriting group led by Prudential-Bache Capital Funding.
    Sanderson Farms Inc, Laurel, Miss. - 1.25 mln shares of
common stock at an estimated 15-17 dlrs a share through a group
led by Smith, Barney, Harris Upham and Co Inc.
    Samna Corp, Atlanta, Ga - one mln common shares at an
estimated eight-10 dlrs each through Robinson-Humphrey Co Inc.
 Reuter

 said it named Thomas
Fleming director of its Chaff Countermeasures Division.
    Fleming, who has 18 years experience in Chaff
manufacturing, was formerly with Tracor Inc &lt;TRR>, the company
said.   E-Tron said it is currently in Chapter 11.
 Reuter

Lone Star Industries Inc
expects demand for cement om the U.S. to remain in the 85-90
mln ton range through 1992, its annual report said.
    The company said U.S. cement consumption totaled 90.6 mln
tons last year, up four pct from 1985.
    Lone Star also said it expects consolidation and
internationalization of the U.S. cement industry to continue,
adding foreign companies now own over 50 pct of U.S. capacity.
    Since 1974, it added, more  than 30 cement plants have
closed. "In our opinion, the industry's annual cement capacity
today is, in reality, less than 80 mln tons" a year, it added.
    Lone Star said the gap between supply and demand is being
filled by imported cement, which accounted for 18 pct of
domestic consumption last year, up from four pct ten years ago.
 Reuter

Chili's Inc said it filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement
covering a 35 mln dlr issue of convertible subordinated
debentures.
    Net proceeds will be used primarily to retire outstanding
bank debt, Chili's said.  The remainder will fund capital
expenditures for additional restaurants and for general
corporate purposes.  The company currently operates 95
restaurants in 16 different states.
    Chili's named Goldman, Sachs and Co and Alex Brown and Sons
Inc as underwriters.
 Reuter

Gotthard Bank said it is
selling 65,000 covered warrants at 255 Swiss francs each
exercisable into shares of Dainippon Ink and Chemicals Inc.
     Each warrant entitles the holder to buy 100 shares in the
company in the period from May 15, 1987 until August 13, 1993
at an exercise price of 505 yen per share. The shares closed
today at 700 yen.
 REUTER

 said it entered
into a four mln dlr joint venture capital investment with
several firms led by &lt;TA Associates> of Boston.
    Joining TA Associates are &lt;Greylock Management Corp>, and
&lt;Crownx> of Toronto, Alias said.
    Alias, which develops 3D computer graphics software, said
the investment capital will be used to support ongoing research
and development and to extend worldwide marketing  initiatives.
 Reuter


NYSE INDEX AT 1130

 208.67 UP  1.19



barrow and gilt prices rose 1.00 to
1.50 dlr, the usda said. us 1-3 215-260 lbs 51.00-51.50.
    sows - up 1.00 dlr. us 1-3 500-650 lbs 46.50-47.00.
 Reuter


CBT 11:40 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 1/2 UP   1/4
JUL7  271 3/4 OFF 1
SEP7  272 3/4 OFF  1/4
DEC7  278 UNCH
MAR8  277 OFF  1/4
CORN
MAY7  160 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  163 3/4 UP  2
SEP7  168 1/2 UP  2 1/4
DEC7  177 UP  2 1/4
MAR8  183 3/4 UP  2
OATS
MAY7  149 OFF 1
JUL7  138 1/2 UNCH
SEP7  128 1/4 UNCH
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  502 UP  2 1/4
JUL7  503 UP  2 3/4
AUG7  503 UP  3 1/2
SEP7  497 3/4 UP  3 3/4
NOV7  500 1/4 UP  4 1/4
JAN8  506 3/4 UP  4 1/4
MEAL
MAY7  1457 UP  4
JUL7  1457 UP  6
AUG7  1457 UP  7
SEP7  1460 UP  9
OCT7  1460 UP  9
OIL
MAY7  1556 UP  13
JUL7  1590 UP  12
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1642 UP  17




 N.Y. COFFEE C VOL/OPEN INT APRIL 6
      VOL       OPEN    CHANGE
 MAY  1414       6619    off  340
 JLY  1199       5789    up    51
 SEP   289       4029    up     6
 Dec   310       2489    up    45
 MCH    11        347    up     4
 MAY     9         61    off    5
 JLY     2         73    unch    
 Sep     0          2    up     1
Total 3,234     19409    off  238




U.S. CORN PRODUCT PRICES - APRIL 7
    (IN DLRS PER TON, SPOT UNLESS SPECIFIED)
    CHICAGO, FOB EAST
 GLUTEN FEED 21 PCT BULK APRIL - 100.00 - UNC
                 PELLETS APRIL - 104.00 - UNC
 GLUTEN MEAL 60 PCT BULK APRIL - 230.00 - UP 10.00
  CIF GULF GLUTEN FEED PELLETS
                  APRIL - 110.00B/115.00A -
                                   UP 3.00/5.00
    DECATUR, ILL.
 GLUTEN FEED 21 PCT PELLETS  - 100.00 - UNC
 GLUTEN MEAL 60 PCT BULK     - 220.00 - UNC
    CEDAR RAPIDS, IOWA
 GLUTEN FEED 21 PCT PELLETS  - 100.00 - UNC
 GLUTEN MEAL 60 PCT BULK     - 220.00 - UNC
 NC - NO COMPARISON UA - UNAVAILABLE N - NOMINAL
 A - ASKED  B - BID
 Reuter



barrow and gilt prices rose 1.00 to 2.00
dlrs in very active trade amid broad demand, the usda said. top
52.50 dlrs per cwt.
    us 1-3 220-260 lbs 51.00-52.50.
    sows - up 0.50/1.50 dlr. us 1-3 500-650 lbs 46.50-47.00.
 Reuter

Soymeal futures closed 0.15 stg per tonne
firmer to 0.25 easier in a light turnover of 85 lots.
    Traders said firm sterling against the dollar depressed
values intially but the market steadied in the late afternoon
with early gains in Chicago meal futures influencing sentiment.
    Light dealings mainly involved trade selling and
speculative buying.
 REUTER

Two New York management investment
firms told the Securities and Exchange Commission they had
increased their holdings in Purolator Courier Corp to 7.2 pct,
from 6.2 pct.
    Mutual Shares Corp and Mutual Qualified Income Fund Inc
said they were weighing offers to buy Purolator shares from PC
Acquisition Inc, a unit of E.F. Hutton LBO Inc, for 35 dlrs a
share, and from EAF Acquisitions Corp Inc, a unit of Emery Air
Freight Corp. at 40 dlrs
    They told the commission they had bought their new
Purolator shares March 25-27 for 34.875-35.250 dlrs each.
 reuter

General Motors Corp said it set up a new
office of Latin American operations as part of the company's
continuing international restructuring.
    The automaker named James F. Waters Jr to head the
operations. Waters, who will work out of the United States, is
General Motors' vice president and group executive in charge of
the Overseas Group.
    In Asia, Barton Brown, General Motors' vice president in
charge of Asian, African and International Export operations,
will assume responsibility for Australian operations.
    General Motors also shifted some officers at its GM do
Brasil and GM de Mexico operations.
    In Brazil, Clifford J. Vaughn, vice president and managing
director of GM do Brasil, will return to the United States as
vice president of manufacturing at the Chevrolet-Pontiac-Canada
Group.
    Vaughn will be replaced as managing director of GM do
Brasil by Robert B. Stone, vice president and managing director
of GM de Mexico. Stone will remain a vice president.
    Richard C Nerod, executive director of marketing and sales
of GM do Brasil, will become managing director, GM de Mexico.
 Reuter


N.Y. FUNDS 1200 - APR 7
 6-1/8  (6-1/8)





LONDON COFFEE ROBUSTA CLOSING - APR 7
 MTH BYR  SLR  HIGH LOW  SALES
 May 1258 1260 1265 1245 1080
 Jul 1268 1270 1274 1253 1439
 Sep 1288 1292 1288 1274  457
 Nov 1308 1309 1309 1299  200
 Jan 1325 1330 1330 1316  628
 Mar 1350 1353 1350 1345  131
 May 1365 1370 nil
 Est total 3935 including 6 options.




 N.Y. COCOA 1200 RING - APRIL 7
 MAY 1922   (1934)
 JLY 1956   (1967)
 SEP 1981   (1989)
 DEC 2008   (2015)
 Mch 2036   (2043)
 May 2056   (2063)
 JLY UNQ    (unq )
(Please note all prices are nominal)




N.Y METAL SPOTS NOON - APRIL 7
 Merchant copper 65.00/65.25
 Platinum free   567.00/569.00



The following information
 has been advised by the Bank of England to the
 International Monetary Fund in Washington to
 enable calculation of the value of the SDR -
 middle spot rates at noon today.
 DMK 1.8216
 FFR 6.0612
 YEN 145.15
 STG 1.6198

Nine grain ships were loading and 16
were waiting to load at New Orleans elevators, trade sources
said.
 ELEVATOR                     LOADING  WAITING
 Continental Grain, Westwego     1      5
 Mississippi River, Myrtle Grove 1      0
 ADM Growmark                    1      2
 Bunge Grain, Destrehan          1      0
    ELEVATOR                LOADING  WAITING
 ST CHARLES DESTREHAN         1      1
 RESERVE ELEVATOR CORP        1      0
 PEAVEY CO, ST ELMO           1      1
 CARGILL GRAIN, TERRE HAUTE   1      4
 CARGILL GRAIN, PORT ALLEN    0      0
 ZEN-NOH                      1      3
 reuter

Michael Davidoff, head trader for
Ivan Boesky's Seemala Corp, consented to Securities and
Exchange Commission penalities and agreed to help in its
continuing investigation of insider trading, the SEC said.
    Davidoff recently pleaded guilty in federal court to
violating the net capital requirements governing brokers and
traders.
    The SEC had filed similar charges and it said Davidoff had
consented to a final judgement enjoing him from future stock
trading violations.
    The SEC said Davidoff consented to its order without
admitting or denying the allegations that he aided and abetted
violations by a broker and dealer.
    It also said Davidoff consented to a planned SEC order to
bar him from future securities dealings.
 reuter

MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 284 3/4            UP  1 1/4
 JUL7 281 1/2            UP    3/4
 SEP7 277 1/2            UP  1 1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

Parsow Partnership Ltd, an Elkhorn,
Neb., investment partnership, said it bought a 5.1 pct stake in
Orange-Co Inc common stock as an investment.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Parsow said it had bought all its 220,000 Orange-Co shares in
the open market with funds from its working capital.
    The partnership, whose sole general partner is Elkhorn
investor Alan Parsow, said it "has no present intention of
effecting any change in the control of Orange-Co Inc."
 Reuter


N.Y ORANGE JUICE ESTIMATED VOLUME-APRIL 7
 Spot today nil            prev nil
 Estimated volume            1000
 Prev official volume         478





AMEX-CONSOLIDATED 1500 ACTIVES

  670,800 WICKES COS          4 1/4 UNCH
  579,600 TEXAS AIR          40 1/2 OFF  2
  544,900 WESTERN DIG        25 1/4 UP     5/8
  385,500 ALZA CP            37 3/4 UP   2 1/8
  333,900 WANG LAB B         15 3/8 UNCH

      ADVANCES    285   DECLINES    296



Cuban president Fidel Castro told a
Congress of the Union of Young Communists here that the
production of crude sugar during the harvest still in progress
is 800,000 tonnes behind schedule.
    In a speech Sunday, published in today's official paper
GRANMA, Castro said unseasonable rains since January seriously
interrupted harvesting and milling operations especially in the
central and western parts of the island.
    The Cuban leader said the mechanical cane harvesters
scheduled to cut over 60 pct of the cane this year were
particularly "vulnerable," as muddy fields prevent operations.
    Neither Castro nor the Cuban press have given out figures
to estimate tonnes of crude production during the present
harvest or the goals for the sugar campaign.
    However, a cuban sugar official told Reuters that the
country will be lucky if crude output reaches last year's 7.2
mln tonnes. Output of crude for the previous 1984-85 harvest
was 8.2 mln tonnes.
    The harvest was scheduled to end April 30 but due to the
present shortfalls it will be extended into May and June, the
official said.
 Reuter

American Telephone and Telegraph Co said
the Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) approved its 4.1
mln dlr rate restructuring proposal to reduce intrastate long
distance rates by about 4.4 pct.
    ATT said it will file new prices at the PSC in August to
meet a Sept. 1 effective date set by the commission.
    The telephone company said it asked the PSC on Nov. 7 for
permission to increase its prices for intrastate private line
services, used mainly by large business customers, which ATT
said were priced below its access costs.
    "Private line service has been grossly underpriced since
1984, and, therefore, it has been subsidized by all long
distance users," Terry Hobbs, assistant vice president said.
    "As a result of today's PSC decision to allow our private
line service prices to cover their access costs, these
subsidies will end and we'll be able to reduce basic long
distance rates for everyone," he added.
 Reuter


CHGO IOM LUMBER CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN           HIGH   LOW
 MAY7 19000H 18980L  19000  18600
 JUL7 18090L 18100H  18100  17730
 SEP7 17470          17470  17160
 NOV7 16750L 16800H  16800  16580
 JAN8 16600          16600  16530
 MAR8 16550          16580  16520
 MAY8   --             --     --
      CLOSE           SETT  P SETT
 MAY7  18750L 18790H 18770  19080
 JUL7  17820B 17880T 17850  18140
 SEP7  17210T 17280B 17250  17540
 NOV7  16680H 16580L 16630  16790
 JAN8  16600         16600  16650
 MAR8  16540B        16540  16550
 MAY8    --            --     --



VIRGIN                34.00/34.50
    ZINC - PRIME WESTERN         50.00/56.50
    ZINC - HIGH GRADE            49.50/56.00
    ZINC - SPECIAL HIGH GRADE    50.00/56.00

Waste Management Inc said in response to
a Reuters inquiry that it knew of no reason to account for the
decline in its stock, trading at 74-1/4, off 2-5/8.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Service Inc said it
downgraded 1.8 billion dlrs of long-term debt of Deere and Co
and its finance unit John Deere Credit Co.
    Downgraded were senior notes and debentures to Baa-2 from
A-3 and subordinated debt to Baa-3 from Baa-1. The senior debt
includes John Deere Credit Co's guaranteed Eurobonds.
    Moody's cited lower agricultural equipment demand due to
depressed conditions in the farm economy. It also noted that
equipment prices are pressured by competition. Deere is the
industry's dominant producer but overcapacity keeps cash flow
and debt protection measures under pressure, Moody's noted.
 Reuter

Cocoa futures drifted into a dull
finish, settling at nine dlrs lower to seven higher, with most
contracts near unchanged from midday levels.
    May closed nine dlrs lower at 1,925 dlrs. Estimated volume
was 1,461 contracts.
    Light selling based on weak London prices and continued
offers by West African origins applied light pressure.
    A report from London that traders question the supportive
potential of newly-negotiated buffer stock rules was also
depressing to prices, analysts said.
    Bahia arrivals now total a cumulative 6,475,385 bags,
private Brazil trade sources said, half a mln bags above the
year ago count.
 Reuter


IMM CURRENCY FUTURES SETTLEMENTS 7-APR
B-POUND-IMM
SETTLEMENT NET CHANGE
 JUN16080  OFF   20
 SEP15980  OFF   20
 DEC15890  OFF   20
 MAR15810  OFF   20
 JUN UNTRD
C-DOLLAR-IMM
SETTLEMENT NET CHANGE
 JUN 7656  UP    22
 SEP 7650  UP    22
 DEC 7643  UP    22
 MAR 7636  UP    22
 JUN 7629  UP    22
D-MARK-IMM
SETTLEMENT NET CHANGE
 JUN 5501  OFF    3
 SEP 5538  OFF    2
 DEC 5577  UNCH
 MAR UNTRD
 JUN UNTRD



Shr loss two cts vs loss two cts
    Net loss 183,597 vs loss 136,990
    Rev 36,600 vs 61,763
    Avg shares 12,355,000 vs 9,205,000
    Year
    Shr loss five cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 571,336 vs loss 416,595
    Rev 103,327 vs 61,763
    Avg shares 12,355,000 vs 8,705,000
    NOTE: Company's full name is &lt;Teletrak Advanced Technology
Systems Inc and it is a unit of Helm Resources &lt;H>. 1985 net
loss includes loss from discontinued operations of 278,156
dlrs.
 Reuter


******U.S. CONSUMER CREDIT ROSE 1.77 BILLION DLRS IN FEB VS REVISED 789 MLN JAN GAIN
Blah blah blah.



Malta is tendering to buy 3,000 tonnes
white sugar today for arrival in two equal parts in May and
June, traders said.
 Reuter


LONDON METAL SPOTS CLOSING - APR 7
 All Stg per tonne dlvd UK byrs unless stated.
 Brass Rods 131.00 per 100 kilos
 Copper Sheets 1990.50
 Copper Wire 146.95 per 100 kilos fob London
 Copper Coils 146.30 per 100 kilos fob London
 Lead Scrap 244.00 dlvd London/S.Counties
 Red Lead 555.00 fob UK
 White Lead Dry 735.00 fob UK.




****** Dresdner to propose 1986 dividend 10 marks vs same, one-for-18 bonus share issue
Blah blah blah.



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 284 1/4            UP    3/4
 JUL7 280 3/4            UNCH
 SEP7 276 1/2            UP    1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --

Loans and advances from the Dutch
Central Bank to the commercial banks rose by 1.2 billion
guilders to 10.7 billion in the week up to and including April
6, the Bank's weekly return showed.
    Paper discounted with the Bank also rose, by 477 mln
guilders to 916 mln.
    These rises were balanced by a 1.6 billion guilders rise in
the Treasury's account at the Bank, made up mainly of
repayments on housing loans by local authorities.  The
Treasury's account stood at 8.1 billion guilders, the weekly
return showed.
    The Bank's gold and currency reserves rose by 484 mln to
56.89 billion guilders, while the value of non-gold holdings
rose by 140 mln guilders, analysts said.
    They added that the rise in the reserves was merely the
result of commercial currency transactions by the Bank.
    Call money and period tariffs were only fractionally
changed this week and were seen sustaining their stable levels
since no dramatic changes in the money market debt, currently
around 10.25 billion guilders, are expected.
    Today call money traded between 5-3/8 to 5-1/2 pct and
period tariffs all between 5-5/16 to 5-7/16 pct.
 REUTER


LONDON COFFEE OPTION TRADES AFTERNOON - APR 7
 MTH   TYPE    STRIKE PRICE   PREMIUM   VOLUME
 Sep   calls       1281         170        6



L.M. Ericsson Telephone Co
said it has received a contract to provide U S West Inc with
AXE digital central office switching equipment for use in
Idaho, replacing 50 older electro-mechanical switches.
    Value was not disclosed.
    The company said U S West's Mountain Bell will place the
first AXE in service before year-end and the project is to be
completed by the end of 1991.
    The company said the replacement program follows an
agreement between Mountain Bell and the Idaho Public Utilities
Commission for conversion of a substantial part of the Idaho
telephone network to digital from analog technology over the
next five years.
 Reuter

Dealers quoted No.2 scrap copper at a
nominal 51.50 cents up        0.50 cents from Monday.
    Refiners were willing to pay some 2.00 cents above that
level for premium lots    of scrap.


 Reuter


CBT 12:20 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 3/4 UP   1/2
JUL7  271 3/4 OFF 1
SEP7  272 1/2 OFF  1/2
DEC7  277 1/2 OFF  1/2
MAR8  277 1/4 UNCH
CORN
MAY7  159 3/4 UP  1 1/2
JUL7  163 1/2 UP  1 3/4
SEP7  168 UP  1 3/4
DEC7  176 1/2 UP  1 3/4
MAR8  183 1/2 UP  1 3/4
OATS
MAY7  149 OFF 1
JUL7  138 1/2 UNCH
SEP7  129 3/4 UP  1 1/2
DEC7  134 1/2 UP   1/2
MAR8  136 3/4 UNCH
BEANS
MAY7  502 1/4 UP  2 1/2
JUL7  503 1/2 UP  3 1/4
AUG7  504 UP  4 1/2
SEP7  499 1/2 UP  5 1/2
NOV7  501 1/2 UP  5 1/2
JAN8  509 UP  6 1/2
MEAL
MAY7  1461 UP  8
JUL7  1461 UP  10
AUG7  1461 UP  11
SEP7  1467 UP  16
OCT7  1469 UP  18
OIL
MAY7  1554 UP  11
JUL7  1590 UP  12
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1638 UP  13



Live Hog futures recovered from early
profit-taking and ran up to new day's highs at midsession.
Futures posted gains of 0.80 to 0.12 cent paced by July.
    Early commercial profit-taking lacked followthrough and
prices ran up again on scattered demand. Computer house buying
added to strength and futures ran up to new day's highs,
traders said.
    Light hog runs and expectations of steady to higher cash
hogs again tomorrow provided the bulk of support. Farmers are
taking to the fields in some areas and sending fewer hogs to
market, they said.
    Although cash hams are called sharply lower at noon, most
traders noted this had been expected as Easter demand abated.
 Reuter


******BURLINGTON NORTHERN INC 1ST QTR SHR PROFIT 93 CTS VS LOSS 3.55 DLRS
Blah blah blah.



 said its debenture
holders agreed to convert 3.3 mln dlrs of 13 pct subordinated
debentures to common stock at a conversion price of 40 cts a
share, subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.
    Avinda said the debt conversion will inject 3,140,000 dlrs
of equity into the company, increase net book value per share
to 22 cts from five cts, and reduce annual interest costs by
428,000 dlrs.
 Reuter

Live Hog futures ran up for sharp gains
after midsession before slipping late to close 0.82 cent higher
to 0.02 lower. Only February posted a loss while April and June
paced the gain and April ended at 50.65 cents.
    Futures ran up early as demand prompted by strong live
markets, light hog runs and the discount of futures to cash
sparked technical buying. April ran up as much as 1.42 cents
above its previous level before profit-taking developed,
traders said.
    Gains in cash hogs reflected reduced farmer marketings as 
they took to the fields for the start of spring activities. The
strength in live also offset a sharp break in cash ham prices.
The break in hams was expected as Easter buying came to an end,
they added.
 Reuter

The amount of coffee stored in New York
and New Orleans warehouses and certified for delivery against
the New York Coffee "C" futures totalled 585,555 bags as of
April 3, compared with 585,794 bags the previous week, a net
decrease of 239 bags, the New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa
Exchange said.
    The total comprised 392,845 bags in New York, an increase
of 261 bags, and 192,710 bags in New Orleans, a drop of 500
bags.
    The exchange said there were nil bags pending
classification. There were 56,578 bags pending certification,
including 32,553 in New York and 24,025 in New Orleans, the
exchange said.
 reuter


CHGO IMM SWISS FRANC CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7 6660H 6658L  6666  6637
 SEP7 6702         6706  6679
 DEC7  --          6745  6730
 MAR8  --          6772  6772
 JUN8  --           --    --
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  6649H 6647L  6648  6630
 SEP7  6688L 6689H  6689  6672
 DEC7  6730B        6730  6715
 MAR8  6768N        6772  6768
 JUN8   --           --    --




 N.Y. COTTON NO.2 ESTIMATED VOLUME-APRIL 7
 Estimated volume        3,800
 Prev official volume    3,039




, is
closing its peruvian consumer banking operations less than
three yeas after they opened, the bank's manager in peru, jorge
sosa, said.
    He told reuters June 30 was the closing date. He said the
measure was not linked to peru's foreign debt position. Chase
is one of peru's top private banking creditors.
    Peru is over 700 mln dlrs in arrears on its interest owed
to its 280 or so private foreign bank creditors, bankers said.
    Sosa said chase opened its local consumer banking operation
in september 1984. It held the equivalent of around four mln
dlrs in deposits and had extended the equivalent of
about five mln dlr in loans.
    The bank still had to decide whether it would sell the
holdings to another banking institution before closing the
operation, he said.
    The closing of chase's consumer operation will leave only
five foreign banks operating this service in peru. Two of them
are institutions from the united states and there is one each
from britain, japan and spain.
 Reuter

Comex aluminum futures settled
unchanged after featureless session.
    The May contract settled at 61.50 cents a lb after posting
only a five point range.
    Estimated volume was 40 lots.
 Reuter

Trans World Airways said load factor
in March rose to 67.4 pct from 60.4 pct last year.
    Available seat miles rose 22 pct to 3.9 billion from 3.2
billion and revenue passenger miles rose 35.4 pct to 2.6
billion from 2.0 billion.
    For the year-to-date, load factor rose to 60.3 pct from
55.2 pct, available seat miles rose 10.2 pct to 11.2 billion
from 10.2 billion and revenue passenger miles rose 20.2 pct to
6.7 billion from 5.6 billion.
 Reuter

slaughter cattle sold steady to up 1.50
dlrs. choice 2-4 1050-1350 lb steers 64.50-69.00, high plains
69.50-70.00. choice 2-4 925-1150 lb heifers 63.00-67.00, high
plains 68.00-68.50.
    us 1-3 210-250 lb barrows and gilts rose 1.00 to 2.00 dlrs
at 50.50-52.50 terminals markets and direct trade 49.50-52.00.
 Reuter

 said it
plans to increase capacity at its Myra Falls, British Columbia,
base and precious metal mine and mill complex by 33 pct to
4,400 tons of ore a day, subject to regulatory approvals.
    The company said the expansion will cost about 24 mln dlrs
and could be in operation by 1988.
    Economies of scale from the expansion should pay back net
expansion cost in less than one year, Westmin said.
    The Myra Falls complex processed 3,257 tons of ore a day
during 1986.
 Reuter


  MOODY'S COMMODITY INDEX-APR 07
  926.0




KANSAS CITY ELEVATOR STOCKS
 In OOOs of bushels as of April 7
         Today      Change     Yr Ago
 Wheat   23991      Dn  308    21214
 Corn     9131      Dn  128     3951
 Oats        2      Unch          12
 Grain
 Sorghum 23085      Up   48    23370
 Soybns   2557      Up   17     3701
 Ttl     58767      Dn  372    52249
 Reuter



Kuwait has asked at least four
countries, including the United States, Soviet Union, Britain
and China, for temporary use of their flags or tankers to
protect Kuwaiti oil shipments in the troubled Persian Gulf,
Reagan Administration officials said.
    The officials confirmed a New York Times report that Kuwait
wants to transfer some of its oil tankers to U.S. or Soviet
registration in hopes Iran would be reluctant to launch new
"Silkworm" missiles at superpower flags.
    The United States has vowed to keep the gulf open to
international oil traffic and has warned Tehran against using
the Chinese-made missiles recently installed in Iran near the
mouth of the gulf.
    "They (the Kuwaitis) have also asked Britain, China and
possibly some other European countries to lease tankers to
carry their oil," one of the administration officials, who asked
not to be identified, told Reuters.
    The United States is considering the request to temporarily
transfer Kuwaiti ships to American registration, but such a
move could create insurance and other problems, the officials
said.
    U.S. defense officials told Reuters yesterday that Kuwait
had decided for at least the time being not to accept a U.S.
offer to use American warships to escort its tankers in the
gulf, where both Iran and Iraq have been attacking shipping.
 Reuter

This week's Ontario government auction
of 50 mln dlrs worth of 91-day treasury bills yielded an
average of 6.91 pct, up from 6.87 pct last week, a treasury
department spokesman said. Average price was 98.307.
 Reuter

Japan is attempting to cut back
semiconductor production to forstall the 300 mln dlrs in U.S.
tariffs on Japanese electronic goods set to take effect April
17, industry analysts said.
    The move is likely to create a sharp price rise and a
possible shortage of the key computer components in the next
few weeks, the analysts said.
    "Prices have gone up for memory components, the mainstay of
the Japanese semiconductor industry," analyst Drew Peck of
Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette said.
    But analysts said the price rises have been slight so far,
and some questioned whether Japan would be successful in
forcing Japanese companies to cut production in the long run.
    Others, however, were more optimistic, saying evidence was
already in hand that Japan has cut back prodution and halted
sales to the grey market, the third country brokers that sell
chips at below production costs.
    "We've seen the grey market begin to dry up for D-RAMS, and
it has virtually dried up for EPROMS," said Merrill Lynch
analyst Thomas Kurlack of the two key memory chips used in
computers.
    "Prices are inching up and lead times on deliveries are
stretching," Kurlack added.
    Industry analysts said Japan's Ministry of International
Trade and Industry, or MITI, had requested the cut backs in
production to meet the terms of last year's semiconductor
accord with the U.S.
    The Reagan adminsitration recently proposed tariffs on
Japanese electronic goods, alleging that Japan had failed to
live up to the accord and continued to dump the computer
components in the U.S. market.
    But some analysts said Japan's attempt to mollify the U.S.
was a double edged sword, and might be read at a subtle form of
trade retaliation for the tariffs proposed by the U.S.
    As production in Japan is cut, these analysts argue, prices
will rise in the U.S. and few American semiconductor
manufactures will be able to take up the slack since most long
ago exited the market for memory chips. U.S. computer makers
that use the chips in their machines will then be pressured.
    "The Japanese are looking for ways to reduce trade
pressures from Washington, but at the same time they're
demonstating their muscle," analyst Peck said.
    The cut backs in Japanese production are expected to
benefit U.S. chip makers.
    "I think this could be a very important factor for U.S.
semiconductor manufacturers," industry analyst Elliot Levine of
Ladenburg Thalmann Co said.
    But analyst Peck said, "it will take a few weeks to see
whether Japan has genuinely cut production."
    He said Japanese manufactures were likely to view MITI's
request unfavorably because chip capacity was still high and
production cut backs would lead to significant write-offs in
plant and equipment.

 Reuter


NY COTTON 11:55
  MAY7 5608   UP   28
  JUL7 5515   UP   25
  OCT7 5525   UP   20
  DEC7 5515   UP   40
  MAR8 5615   UP   50
  MAY8 UNTRD
  JUL8 UNTRD
  OCT8 UNTRD




LONDON EURODOLLAR DEPOSITS RATES CLOSING - APRIL 7
 overnight     6-1/4 1/8
 tom/next      6-1/4 1/8
 spot/next     6-1/4 1/8
 week fixed    6-5/16 3/16
 one month     6-7/16 5/16
 two    6-1/2 3/8        three 6-9/16 7/16
 four   6-9/16 7/16      five  6-5/8 1/2
 six    6-11/16 9/16     nine  6-13/16 11/16
 one year   6-7/8 3/4
 two years  7-3/8 1/8        three years 7-5/8 3/8
 four years 7-7/8 5/8        five years  8-1/8 7-7/8
    CANADIAN DOLLARS
 week      6-7/8 5/8
 one month 7-1/8 6-7/8
 two       7-3/16 6-15/16
 three     7-3/16 6-15/16
 six       7-3/8 1/8
 nine      7-7/16 3/16
 twelve    7-1/2 1/4




CME 12:01  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.55 UP  0.15
JUN7  65.07 UP  0.05
AUG7  60.90 UP  0.03
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.20 UP  0.10
MAY7  68.20 OFF 0.02
AUG7  66.50 UP  0.10
HOGS
APR7  50.47 UP  0.65
JUN7  49.27 UP  0.80
JUL7  47.60 UP  0.73
BELLIES
MAY7  66.57 UP  0.17
JUL7  65.15 UP  0.30
AUG7  62.00 UP  0.40
FEB8  56.20 UP  0.60




MAY DEPARTMENT STORES CO, 75,000 AT 49-1/4, DOWN 1/8, CROSSED
BY FIRST BOSTON




CBT VOLUME AND OPEN INTEREST FOR APRIL 6
    (000'S BUSHELS)
        OPEN INTEREST CHANGE       VOLUME
 WHEAT    157,660     up  5,955   39,710
 CORN     710,395     dn 11,045   86,235
 OATS      31,200     dn    380    5,355
 SOYBEANS 431,620     up  5,915   72,000
 SOYMEAL   64,558     up     90    6,982
 SOYOIL    75,237     up     76    5,528
 T-BONDS  242,277     dn  4,881  187,080
 T-NOTES   57,827     dn  2,547   15,906
 Reuter




NY COMEX ALUMINUM 12:31
        LAST CHANGE
APR7    UNTRD
MAY7    6150 UNCH
JUN7    UNTRD
JUL7    UNTRD
SEP7    5795 UP  15
DEC7    UNTRD
JAN8    UNTRD
FEB8    UNTRD
MAR8    UNTRD
MAY8    UNTRD
JUL8    UNTRD
SEP8    UNTRD
DEC8    UNTRD
JAN9    UNTRD




CBT 12:40 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 3/4 UP   1/2
JUL7  271 3/4 OFF 1
SEP7  272 1/2 OFF  1/2
DEC7  277 1/2 OFF  1/2
MAR8  277 OFF  1/4
CORN
MAY7  159 1/4 UP  1
JUL7  163 1/4 UP  1 1/2
SEP7  168 1/4 UP  2
DEC7  176 3/4 UP  2
MAR8  183 1/2 UP  1 3/4
OATS
MAY7  148 OFF 2
JUL7  138 OFF  1/2
SEP7  129 UP   3/4
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8  136 3/4 UNCH
BEANS
MAY7  502 1/4 UP  2 1/2
JUL7  503 1/2 UP  3 1/4
AUG7  503 1/4 UP  3 3/4
SEP7  500 1/4 UP  6 1/4
NOV7  501 3/4 UP  5 3/4
JAN8  509 1/4 UP  6 3/4
MEAL
MAY7  1461 UP  8
JUL7  1460 UP  9
AUG7  1460 UP  10
SEP7  1465 UP  14
OCT7  1467 UP  16
OIL
MAY7  1555 UP  12
JUL7  1590 UP  12
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1638 UP  13




CBT SILVER VOLUME/OPEN INTEREST FOR APRIL 6
     VOLUME  OPEN-INT  CHANGE
 Apr   12      127    dn  177
 May   26       38    dn    7
 Jun 2428     6868    dn  478
 Aug   74      567    up   34
 Oct   14      156    dn    1
 Dec  202     3318    up   35
 Feb    3      251       unch
 Apr   12     1274       unch
 Jun   10      112    up    5
 Aug    0        9       unch
 TTL 2781    12720    dn  589
 Reuter



U.S. credit markets were mixed in dull
trading at midsession, with moderate losses in coupon issues
and Treasury bill rates near unchanged.
    Bills improved slightly on remarks from Federal Reserve
chairman Paul Volcker that a restrictive monetary policy would
be damaging to investment and that last week's increases in
U.S. banks' prime lending rates to 7.75 pct from 7.50 pct was
not connected with Fed policy, dealers said.
     Coupon issues were 1/32 to 5/16 lower, pressured by a weak
dollar. Treasury bill rates were anywhere from three basis
points lower to one basis point higher.
    The key 7-1/2 pct Treasury bond was 5/16 lower at 95-26/32
to yield 7.87 pct compared with 7.84 pct at yesterday's close.
    Dealers said remarks from Federal Reserve Chairman Paul
Volcker indicating that exchange rates had adjusted enough to
narrow the U.S. trade deficit and warning that a further,
sizable dollar fall could be counterproductive had little
exchange rate impact as they were seen as a reiteration of his
views.
    In any case, they said the dollar is expected to be under
pressure while monetary officials of leading industrial nations
meet this week in Washington, which may hurt bonds.
    Dealers said three-month bill rates had eased early in the
session on a few sizable buy orders from retail accounts, but
that otherwise there was little activity in this sector.
    "When Volcker hit the tape it helped bills, because it
makes people think the Fed is not going to tighten," a bill
trader said. "But it's a nervous trade, with no real buyers."
    Three-month bills were bid at 5.50 pct, three basis points
below their price at yesterday's auction, while six-month bills
rose one basis point from their auction price to 5.64 pct bid.
    Year bills rose one basis points to 5.74 pct bid.
    Most economists expected the Federal Reserve to supply
temporary reserves, but most had forecasted an indirect
injection via customer repurchase agreements rather than a
direct injection via two-day system repurchases which the Fed
conducted at its usual intervention time.
    The Fed intervened when Federal funds were trading at 6-1/8
pct. Funds opened at this level and remained there at midday,
down from yesterday's 6.20 pct avearge.
    The 6-3/8 pct two-year notes fell 1/32 to 99-21/32 at
midday and the 7-1/4 pct 10-years dropped 9/32 to 97-27/32.
 Reuter


N.Y. METAL SPOTS  APR 07
 Copper Wirebars,U.S. prod  69.625/70.00 cts/lb Copper Cathode,
U.S. prod  66.00/69.00  cts/lb Copper Merchant,U.S. prod 
65.20/65.70  cts/lb Copper Scrap No 2, Carloads       51.50
cts/lb
 Lead Domestic, Del. U.S.    24.00/26.00 cts/lb Lead Scrap,
Carloads, Del.N.Y.   07.00/08.00
 Zinc Prime Western, Del. N.Y.    38.50/44.00
 Zinc High Grade, Carloads        38.00/44.00
 Zinc Electro, SPLC, High Grade   38.50/44.50
 Aluminum, Del, N.Y.              62.50/64.50
   (note: all reads in cts/lb)
 Straits, open market, per lb/cts 315/317
 Tin plates, fob per 50-lb/cts box 35.42
 Palladium free, troy oz/dlr  130.00/131.00
 Palladium, JMI base, troy oz/dlr  130.00n
 Platinum free, Del. troy oz, 564.75/565.75  Platinum, JMI
base, troy oz/dlr   567.00n
 Wolframite, cif u.s.,ton/dlr  48.00/53.00
 Cadmium, sticks and bars,del. 1.00/1.50n cts/lb Ferrotungsten,
del. n.y. per lb unqtd 
 Quicksilver per 76-lb/dlrs flask 215.00/245.00
 Antimony, fob Laredo bulk cts/lb 2.00/2.02
 Pig iron no 2, n. Brmghm, ton          unq
 Iron scrap, Pittsburgh, dlrs/ton 77.00/78.00
 Tungsten pdr, hydrogen  dlrs/lb  9.53/9.85
 Chromium, plate form, Del. cts/lb 3.15/3.75
 Brass scrap, heavy yellow, cts/lb 24.00/25.00
 Electronickel, grade a, fob dlrs/ton 3.20/3.29 Titanium
sponge, del U.S.              unq




N.Y. COMEX SILVER ESTIMATED VOLUME-APRIL 7
 Estimated volume        38,500
 Prev official volume    39,530
 Estimated switches       4,326



Lawmakers from Ontario asked their
U.S. counterparts to exempt Canada from the mandatory trade
retaliation provisions in a major trade bill being considered
by the U.S. Congress.
    At a meeting of the Northeast-Midwest Coalition, an
organization of U.S. legislators, David Cooke, chairman of the
Ontario Parliament's Select Committee on Economic Affairs, said
the exemption would help trade relations.
    The trade legislation to be considered by the full House in
late April would require President Reagan to retaliate against
foreign unfair trade practices unless the trade actions would
harm the U.S. economy.
    Currently, Reagan can reject trade sanctions on any
grounds.
    Cooke, a member of the Liberal party, told the U.S.
congressmen, "I can understand (the trade bill). I think it has
to do with concerns you have with the other parts of the world."
    "I would suggest to you that we are your best friends. You
do not have those concerns with Canada and you should sincerely
consider exempting our country from that bill," he added.
 Reuter

Textron Inc said it plans to
sell its Avco Specialty Materials Division as part of its debt
reduction and restructuring.
    The company said it will use proceeds from the sale to
reduce the debt incurred by its acquisition of Ex-Cell-O Corp
last year.
    Textron said Morgan Stanley and Co will represent it in the
sale.
 Reuter


CHGO IMM CANADIAN DLR CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7 7639L 7640H  7660  7637
 SEP7 7630         7650  7630
 DEC7 7620         7643  7620
 MAR8  --          7636  7636
 JUN8 7635         7635  7629
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  7656L 7657H  7656  7634
 SEP7  7645         7650  7628
 DEC7  7640         7643  7621
 MAR8  7614N        7636  7614
 JUN8  7635         7629  7607




CBT SETTLEMENTS  7-APR
       WHEAT                   CORN
 MAY 288 3/4 UP  2 1/2  MAY 159 1/2 UP  1 1/4
 JUL 273 1/4 UP    1/2  JUL 163 1/4 UP  1 1/2
 SEP 273 1/4 UP    1/4  SEP 168 1/2 UP  2 1/4
 DEC 278 3/4 UP    3/4  DEC 177 3/4 UP  3
 MAR 278     UP    3/4  MAR 184 3/4 UP  3
 MAY 270 3/4 UP    3/4
       OATS                   SOYBEANS
 MAY7148 1/2 OFF  1 1/2  MAY7504 1/2 UP   4 3/4
 JUL7138 3/4 UP     1/4  JUL7506 3/4 UP   6 1/2
 SEP7129     UP     3/4  AUG7506 1/2 UP    7
 DEC7134     UNCH        SEP7502 1/4 UP   8 1/4
 MAR8136 3/4 UNCH        NOV7504 3/4 UP   8 3/4
                         JAN8511 3/4 UP   9 1/4
                         MAR8519 1/4 UP   9 1/4
                         MAY8522     UP    8
                         JUL8523     UP    9
        OIL                  MEAL
 MAY7 1561  UP  18   MAY7 1466  UP  13
 JUL7 1595  UP  17   JUL7 1467  UP  16
 AUG7 1611  UP  16   AUG7 1467  UP  17
 SEP7 1630  UP  19   SEP7 1473  UP  22
 OCT7 1641  UP  16   OCT7 1476  UP  25
 DEC7 1671  UP  17   DEC7 1486  UP  24
 JAN8 1673  UP  18   JAN8 1497  UP  30
 MAR8 1695  UP  15   MAR8 1507  UP  27
 MAY8       UNCH     MAY8       UNCH
 JUL8       UNCH     JUL8       UNCH




CBT CLSG (5) 7-APR
SOYBEAN OIL
CORRECTED REPETITION
         OPEN    HIGH  LOW    CLOSE    P SETT
 MAY7  1552H 1550L  1564 1548 1560L 1563H 1543
 JUL7  1585H 1583L  1598 1582 1594L 1597H 1578
 AUG7  1602         1615 1599 1611L 1612H 1595
 SEP7  1620         1633 1616 1630        1611
 OCT7  1633         1648 1627 1640B 1643A 1625
 DEC7  1665         1678 1660 1671        1654
 JAN8    --         1673 1673 1671B 1675A 1655
 MAR8  1695         1695 1695 1695B 1700A 1680
 MAY8    --           --   --   --          --
 JUL8    --           --   --   --          --
 SOYBEAN MEAL
         OPEN    HIGH  LOW    CLOSE    P SETT
 MAY7  1454L 1457H  1471 1453 1466L 1467H 1453
 JUL7  1455L 1456H  1470 1451 1466L 1468H 1451
 AUG7  1456         1470 1451 1468H 1467L 1450
 SEP7  1455         1475 1455 1475H 1472L 1451
 OCT7  1455         1477 1452 1476        1451
 DEC7  1465L 1467H  1492 1463 1485L 1488H 1462
 JAN8  1478         1500 1478 1495B 1500A 1467
 MAR8  1490         1510 1490 1505B 1510A 1480
 MAY8    --           --   --   --          --
 JUL8    --           --   --   --          --




NYSE INDEX AT 1530

 205.79 OFF 1.69




CHGO IMM CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7  9372        9372  9369
 SEP7   --          --    --
 DEC7   --          --    --
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  9372         9369  9370
 SEP7   --           --   9398
 DEC7   --           --    --



Bermuda Star Line Inc said it has
leased a 23,500 ton passenger vessel from Orley Shipping Co
Inc, of Liberia for a term with options extending for 15 years.
    The vessel, SS Liberte, will be renamed the Canadian Star
and will be used for cruises to Montreal from New York,
beginning in June.
    Orley SHipping is partially owned by Common Brothers PLC, a
U.K. maritime firm which owns 60 pct of Bermuda Star's shares
and arranged debt financing for the ship's purchase.
    Orley acquired the vessel from Banstead Shipping Ltd. Terms
were not disclosed.
 Reuter

(CENTS PER BUSHEL)
 Minneapolis/Duluth Cash Close and Change
 M=Minneapolis, D=Duluth, NB=no bid
 1 DNS WHEAT: PROTEIN
  ord port   M-D 268-1/4n   up 1-3/4 
  11 pct     M-D 273-1/4n   up 1-3/4 
  12 pct     M-D 288-1/4    up 6-3/4 
  13 PCT     M-D 296-1/4    up 1-3/4 
  14 pct     M-D 323-1/4    up 1-3/4 
  15 pct     M-D 375-1/4    up 1-3/4 
  16 pct     M-D 415-1/4    up 1-3/4 
  17 pct     M-D 420-1/4n   up 1-3/4 
 1 HRW WHEAT
  12 pct     D-M-288-1/4   dn 1/4    
  13 pct     D-M-300-1/4   up 1-3/4  
  1 Hard Amber Durum
   Milling  M-D 395-400    unch      
   Terminal   M-355n       unch      
              D-380n       unch      
 1 Pl Rye     M-185        unch      
 2 Rye        M-165n-175n  unch      
 1 Hvy Oats   M-155n-166n  unch      
 2 Hvy Oats   M-155n-166   unch      
 Malting Barley - 65 pct or better
   Mellow     M-200-205    unch      
   Blue       M-205        unch      
   2 Feed     M-unq                 
              D-175b       unch     
  Minneapolis Only
 2 Yel Corn     140-1/2b   up 2-1/2 
 1 Yel Soybeans 492-1/2b   up 2-3/4 
 Sun Seeds - oil type
              M-no quote            
              D-no quote            
 Reuter

Sun Co's Sun Refining and Marketing Co
subsidiary said it raised the price it charges contract barge
customers for heating oil in New York harbor by 0.50 cent a
gallon, effective today.
    The increase brings the contract barge price to 50.50 cts a
gallon, Sun said.
 Reuter

in bushels
 Truck Receipts
  Wheat    73,684
  Corn     17,979
  Grain
  Sorghum   4,391
  Soybns   72,180
 Truck Shipments
  Corn      8,000
 Barge Shipments - None
 Reuter

Cash bellies are called steady and loins
firmer at noon on moderate intrest. However, hams are called
sharply lower as Easter business came to a close. Cash beef is
higher on farily active demand, according to private sources.
    ALL PORK PRICES - FOB MIDWEST BASIS.
 LOINS                  BELLIES
 14-18  98-100          12-14  60           
 18-22  96              14-16  60           
 HAMS                    16-18  57           
 14-17  unq             CARCASS BEEF
 17-20  73              600/700 98         
 Reuter

Nynex Corp's New York Telephone said it
will hire 1,900 temporary clerical and technical employees to
work from April through October, with some positions open until
December. It said salaries for jobs range from 245 dlrs a week
for inexperienced clerical workers to 700 dlrs a week for
skilled technicians.
    N.Y. Telephone said it has been receiving 2,000 job
applications daily, but needs 1,000 more applicants a day from
which to select the temporary work force. The company also said
it will hire nearly 900 permanent directory assistance
operators to fill vacancies followed by normal turnover.
 Reuter

Frozen concentrated orange juice
futures ran up as much as 4.40 cents on frantic speculative
short covering this morning, after local buying triggered buy
stops in the May over 132.00 cents.
    Floor traders said the market has quieted now, and prices
have come off the highs as Florida trade took profits.
    May rose to 133.50 cents, up 2.3 cents, before retreating
to 132.90 cents at 1208 hrs EST. July climbed 4.4 cents to
133.50 cents as well, but was trading at 131.75 cents at noon.
    A report showing the speculators went net short the market
last week as well as liquidating longs spurred light trade
buying in the morning to test speculator resolve. The trade
turned sellers at the top, floor sources said.
 Reuter


N.Y. COMMODITY FUTURES ESTIMATED VOLUMES - APRIL 7
 Time                   11.00  12.00
 Coffee                   825   1343
 Cocoa                    756   1058
 Sugar 11                7040  11682
 Sugar 14                  16     38
 Orange                  ----    ---
 Cotton                  ----    ---
 Sugar 11 options calls   364    655
 Sugar 11 options puts    115    233
 Reuter




NY COMEX COPPER 12:30

 APR7 UNTRD
 MAY7  6265 UNCH
 JUN7 UNTRD
 JUL7  6245 UP  10
 SEP7  6265 UP  15
 DEC7  6285 UP  10
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  6340 UP  15
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD
 DEC8 UNTRD
 JAN9 UNTRD




 ENGELHARD SILVER PRICES - APR 7
 Base price   669.50  (660.50)
 Fabricated   716.40  (704.10)

               





   




NYSE INDEX AT 1230

 208.10 UP  0.62




CME 12:45  EDT

L-CATTLE
APR7  69.72 UP  0.32
JUN7  65.17 UP  0.15
AUG7  61.07 UP  0.20
F-CATTLE
APR7  69.10 UNCH
MAY7  68.15 OFF 0.07
AUG7  66.55 UP  0.15
HOGS
APR7  50.65 UP  0.83
JUN7  49.65 UP  1.18
JUL7  47.85 UP  0.98
BELLIES
MAY7  67.20 UP  0.80
JUL7  65.60 UP  0.75
AUG7  62.40 UP  0.80
FEB8  56.15 UP  0.55




CHGO IMM D-MARK CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7 5517L 5518H  5518  5495
 SEP7 5551         5551  5535
 DEC7 5596         5596  5577
 MAR8  --           --    --
 JUN8  --           --    --
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  5503H 5499L  5501  5504
 SEP7  5538A        5538  5540
 DEC7  5586         5577  5577
 MAR8   --           --    --
 JUN8   --           --    --



CBT corn futures closed on or near the
highs, up 1-1/4 to three cents per bushel, with May settling at
1.59-1/2 dlrs after posting a 1-1/2 cent range.
    Slow country movement, yesterday's sharp jump in the weekly
corn export figure to about three times last year's weekly
inspections, plus the outlook for a continued active export
pace due to the decline in the U.S. dollar this year, supported
nearbys, traders said.
    Many traders said they were mystified why Drexel Burnham
was such an aggressive buyer today in new crop December.
    Farmers will probably plant as many acres as allowed under
the government programs and near-record yields must be assumed
at this time because they will aggressively apply fertilizer to
prime yielding acres, one commercial trader noted.
 Reuter

CFTC reported, as of april 3 , oats
stocks in Mpls deliverable against Chgo futures/000's bu-
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES               871     1296   2046
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED 2167     1737    444
 CCC STOCKS               297      297    228
 TOTAL OATS STOCKS       3335     3330   2718


 Reuter


NY COMEX SILVER CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH   LOW   CLOSE
 APR7 6698B  6718A  6670   6670  6733
 MAY7 6730    --    6780   6635  6750L  6780H
 JUN7 6767B  6787A  6800   6670  6803
 JUL7 6840    --    6860   6710  6820L  6860H
 SEP7 6910    --    6930   6800  6920
 DEC7 7010    --    7050   6900  7040L  7050H
 JAN8 7026B  7046A  7000   7000  7072
 MAR8 7130    --    7130   7000  7130
 MAY8 7210    --    7250   7190  7227
 JUL8 7280    --    7350   7200  7312
 SEP8 7344B  7364A  7400   7350  7398
 DEC8 7540    --    7540   7460  7533
 JAN9 7523B  7543A   --     --   7580
      SETT    P SETT       SETT    P SETT
 APR7  6733     6548   MAR8  7146    6946
 MAY7  6765     6580   MAY8  7227    7025
 JUN7  6803     6617   JUL8  7312    7109
 JUL7  6841     6654   SEP8  7398    7194
 SEP7  6920     6730   DEC8  7533    7327
 DEC7  7032     6838   JAN9  7580    7373
 JAN8  7072     6876




CANADIAN WHEAT BOARD FOR APRIL 7 
(CANADIAN DLRS PER TONNE/IN STORE)
     WHEAT  PACIFIC  ST.LAWR ATLANTIC
 1CW 14.5 PC 214.60  200.26  203.62 
     13.5 PC 190.60  176.26  179.62 
     12.5 PC 187.00  172.66  176.02 
     11.5 PC 180.00  165.66  169.02 
 2CW 14.5 PC 190.00  175.66  179.02 
 2CW 13.5 PC 185.00  170.66  174.02 
 2CW 12.5 PC 179.00  164.66  168.02 
 2CW 11.5 PC 175.00  160.66  164.02 
 3CW         175.00  160.66  164.02 
 1-CU                156.66 
 2-CU                148.66 
 C FEED unquoted
(CANADIAN DLRS PER TONNE/IN STORE)
     DURUM   PACIFIC ST.LAWR ATLANTIC
 1. AMBER    189.30  199.04  202.40 
 2. AMBER    184.30  194.04  197.40 
 3. AMBER    179.30  189.04  192.40 
 SPRING WHEAT EAST COAST - dn 5.90 DLRS
              WEST COAST - up 0.60 DLRS
 DURUM WHEAT  EAST COAST - unch    DLRS
              WEST COAST - unch    DLRS
 Reuter




RPT/NY COMEX ALUMINUM CLSG 7-APR
           OPEN     HIGH  LOW      CLOSE
 APR7 6220B  6270A   --    --   6250
 MAY7 6120B  6170A  6155  6150  6155
 JUN7 6020B  6070A   --    --   6050
 JUL7 5970B  6020A  5990  5990  6000
 SEP7 5750B  5800A  5795  5795  5780
 DEC7 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 JAN8 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 FEB8  --            --    --    --
 MAR8 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 MAY8 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 JUL8 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 SEP8 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 DEC8 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
 JAN9 5690B  5740A   --    --   5720
      SETT   P SETT       SETT   P SETT
 APR7  6250    6250   FEB8   --      --
 MAY7  6150    6150   MAR8  5720    5720
 JUN7  6050    6050   MAY8  5720    5720
 JUL7  6000    6000   JUL8  5720    5720
 SEP7  5780    5780   SEP8  5720    5720
 DEC7  5720    5720   DEC8  5720    5720
 JAN8  5720    5720   JAN9  5720    5720



Cotton futures extended their gains in
late dealings when trade selling dissipated, allowing local and
speculative buying to increase, brokers said.
    The market settled 0.75 to 0.50 cent stronger, with spot
May ended 0.70 better at 56.50 cents a lb.
    May got as high as 56.75 cents but profit-taking by early
buyers trimmed gains, brokers said.
    Early demand came from traders convinced that the market
was technically oversold, brokers said.
    Trade buying bolstered new-crop contracts, brokers said.
December settled 0.72 cent firmer at 55.47 cents.
 Reuter


NYSE INDEX AT 1530

 205.81 OFF 1.67



AMR Corp, parent company of American
Airlines, said it has formed a new unit named AMR Investment
Services to provide cash and pension fund management services
to AMR and to small and medium-sized companies and
institutional investors.
    AMR said the unit will provide short-term portfolio
management services through either individual segregated
accounts or through a commingled money market portfolio that is
part of a new open-ended mutual fund called American AAdvantage
Funds.
    AMR said the unit will provide pension fund and profit
sharing invetsment management services through the American
AAdvantage Balance Fund, the American AAdvantage Equity Fund
and the American AAdvantage Fixed Income Fund.
    The company said it appointed William Quinn, AMR Corp's
assistant treasurer-funds management, as president of the new
unit.
 Reuter


DENVER PRODUCER PRICES
 no1 hrw wheat ord    254-262
               12 pct 254-262
               13 pct 255-276
 no2 yellow corn      287-295
 no2 barley           335
 Reuter




******U.S. SELLING 13.2 BILLION DLRS OF 3 AND 6-MO BILLS APRIL 13 TO PAY DOWN 12.35 BILLION DLRS
Blah blah blah.




NYMEX CRUDE OIL CLSG 7-APR
          OPEN      HIGH   LOW     CLOSE
 MAY7 1873L  1877H  1892  1873  1883L  1885H
 JUN7 1842L  1844H  1858  1840  1846L  1850H
 JUL7 1816L  1819H  1828  1815  1817L  1822H
 AUG7 1803L  1804H  1812  1799  1802L  1805H
 SEP7 1797A         1804  1792   --
 OCT7 1793          1800  1793   --
 NOV7 1793B  1800A  1800  1787   --
 DEC7 1793B  1800A  1805  1790   --
 JAN8 1792B  1800A  1800  1800   --
 FEB8 1792B  1800A  1790  1790   --
 MAR8  --            --    --    --
    SETT  P SETT    SETT  P SETT    SETT P SETT
 MAY7 1884  1867 SEP7 1794  1788 JAN8 1786  1788
 JUN7 1849  1834 OCT7 1790  1786 FEB8 1786  1788
 JUL7 1819  1807 NOV7 1788  1786 MAR8  --    --
 AUG7 1804  1794 DEC7 1788  1788




 CANADIAN MONEY MARKET RATES CLOSING - APR 07
 CANADA TREASURY BILLS
  90  days     06.93
  180 days     07.20
 FINANCE COMPANY PAPER
  30  days     07.00
  60 days      07.05
  90 days      07.08
 BANK PAPER
  30 days      07.05
  60 days      07.08
  90 days      07.12
 BANKERS ACCEPTANCES
  30 days      06.95
  60 days      07.00
  90 days      07.02
 CANADIAN DOLLAR SWAPS
  30 days      06.95
  60 days      07.10
  9O days      07.15
 CALL MONEY:   07.00
 DAY  MONEY:   07.00
 PRIME RATE:   08.75
 U.S. DLR BASE RATE: 08.25




KANSAS CITY CARLOTS AS OF April 7
           Shipments          Receipts
          Today     Yr Ago    Today   Yr Ago
 Wheat    133        44         52       4
 Corn     143        47         16       7
 Grain
 Sorghum    5         2         22      --
 Soybns    28        37         30       7
 Bran &amp;
 Shorts    --        --         --      --
 Flour      2         2         --      --
 Reuter



Spot lard, tallow and grease were
unchanged in early trading, cash dealers said.
    Spot Chicago centrifugal process lard in rail cars traded
at 14.50 cents a lb, unchanged. Edible tallow traded at 14.00
cents, and inedible bleachable fancy tallow was quoted at 12.50
cents, both unchanged. Choice white grease (all hog) traded at
10.50 cents, unchanged.
 Reuter

Delta Air Lines Inc said it began
construction to expand its passenger terminal facilities at
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
    Adding a new nine-gate terminal that will be connected to
Delta's existing terminal by an underground tunnel will cost
about 20 mln dlrs, a Delta spokesman said.
    The carrier will have a total of 32 gates, up from the
current 23, when the terminal is completed in late 1988.
    With the new "satellite" terminal, Delta will be able to
expand to more than 300 daily flights at the airport, up from
about 200 currently, it said.
 Reuter


CBT 11:50 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  286 1/2 UP   1/4
JUL7  271 3/4 OFF 1
SEP7  272 1/2 OFF  1/2
DEC7  277 3/4 OFF  1/4
MAR8  277 1/4 UNCH
CORN
MAY7  160 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  163 3/4 UP  2
SEP7  168 3/4 UP  2 1/2
DEC7  177 UP  2 1/4
MAR8  184 1/4 UP  2 1/2
OATS
MAY7  149 1/4 OFF  3/4
JUL7  138 1/2 UNCH
SEP7  129 UP   3/4
DEC7  134 UNCH
MAR8 UNTRD
BEANS
MAY7  502 1/4 UP  2 1/2
JUL7  503 UP  2 3/4
AUG7  503 1/4 UP  3 3/4
SEP7  498 UP  4
NOV7  500 1/4 UP  4 1/4
JAN8  507 UP  4 1/2
MEAL
MAY7  1459 UP  6
JUL7  1459 UP  8
AUG7  1460 UP  10
SEP7  1462 UP  11
OCT7  1462 UP  11
OIL
MAY7  1555 UP  12
JUL7  1590 UP  12
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1638 UP  13



The U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee
chairman said he wanted to develop a plan to help rural
America, which he said has been neglected by the Reagan
administration.
     "I hope to develop a sound and comprehensive plan to
revitalize rural America.... We need a renewed national
commitment to rural America and we will have one," Sen. Patrick
Leahy (D-Vt.) told a Senate Agriculture Committee hearing.
    Leahy faulted the Reagan administration for having no
strategy to revitalize rural America.
    Leahy added that some rural countries were losing
population and this was contributing to the economic decline.
 Reuter


N.Y. EURODEPOSITS 1200 - APR 7
 U.S. DOLLAR
 One month       6-3/8    6-1/4 
 Two months      6-7/16   6-5/16
 Three months    6-1/2    6-3/8 
 Six months      6-5/8    6-1/2 
 One year        6-13/16  6-11/16

 Reuter




NY ORANGE JUICE 12:00

  MAY7 3290   UP  170
  JUL7 3165   UP  255
  SEP7 2795   UP   80
  NOV7 2525   OFF  15
  JAN8 2550   UP   95
  MAR8 UNTRD
  MAY8 UNTRD
  JUL8 UNTRD
  SEP8 UNTRD




NY COMEX COPPER 12:00

 APR7 UNTRD
 MAY7  6265 UNCH
 JUN7 UNTRD
 JUL7  6245 UP  10
 SEP7  6265 UP  15
 DEC7  6285 UP  10
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8  6340 UP  15
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD
 DEC8 UNTRD
 JAN9 UNTRD




NY COMEX ALUMINUM 12:01
        LAST CHANGE
APR7    UNTRD
MAY7    6150 UNCH
JUN7    UNTRD
JUL7    UNTRD
SEP7    5795 UP  15
DEC7    UNTRD
JAN8    UNTRD
FEB8    UNTRD
MAR8    UNTRD
MAY8    UNTRD
JUL8    UNTRD
SEP8    UNTRD
DEC8    UNTRD
JAN9    UNTRD



Gold bullion ended the day easier but off
lows after strengthening during late afternoon trading in
sympathy with firmer values on Comex, dealers said.
    The metal closed at 420.00/420.50 dlrs an ounce, up on the
afternoon fix of 418.50, but still below last night's close of
421.50/422.
    It eased during the morning as dealers traded on the
gold/silver ratio, buying cheaper silver and selling gold.
Trading was quiet with interest in silver far outweighing gold.
    Gold was at its high for the day at the opening and slipped
to its low at the afternoon fix.
    Platinum ended the day at 565.50/566.50 dlrs an ounce
little changed from the afternoon fix of 566.35 or the morning
setting of 565.75, dealers said.
 REUTER

Moody's Investors Services Inc said it
upgraded upgraded to B-1 from B-3 National Gypsum Co's 887 mln
dlrs of industrial revenue and pollution control bonds.
    Moody's said a highly leveraged capital structure and thin
debt protection continues since the April 1986 leveraged
buyout.
    But the firm is well-positioned in its business segments.
As the second-largest U.S. gypsum wallboard producer, it
generates over 80 pct of operating earnings through wallboard
output. This business changes with the construction cycle and
so increases Gypsum's cash flow vulnerability, Moody's said.
 Reuter

Winnipeg oilseeds were higher, with
rapeseed gaining 2.10 to 2.50 dlrs a bushel and flaxseed up
1.50 to 2.70.
    Oilseeds were supported by the rally in the Chicago soy
complex, trade sources said. Further, recently active producer
selling subsided, while exporters provided underlying support
in flaxseed and crushers bought rapeseed, they said.
    Feed grain trade was quiet with locals and commission
houses dominating activity.
    Rye fell 0.10 to 0.20.
    Barley ranged 0.40 lower to 0.40 higher. Oats ranged
unchanged to 0.30 lower. Wheat fell 0.20 to 0.50.
 Reuter

feeder cattle steady, instances up
1.00 dlr, the usda said.
    steers - medium and large frame 1 - 500-600 lbs
71.00-78.00, 600-700 lbs 67.75-73.25 and 700-800 lbs
66.00-68.25.
    heifers - medium and large frame 1 - 500-600 lbs
65.75-71.25.
 Reuter

World sugar futures pared their losses
by midsession when early selling dried up, allowing an easy
retracement on trade buying, brokers said.
    The market dropped sharply this morning when computer fund
pressure entered at 6.60 cents basis May, triggering heavy
stop-loss selling, brokers said.
    Spot May tumbled to 6.52 cents a lb before recovering to
6.76 cents, off 0.03 cent.
    The sell-off was a continued reaction to the market's
inability yesterday to breach resistance levels for a test of
7.0 cents basis May, brokers said.
    There was no fundamental reason for the drop, analysts
said.
    Volume at noon EDT was estimated at 11,682 lots.
 Reuter

LME lead prices tended firmer as the
market edged towards the higher end of its current narrow
trading range, aided by a burst of cash metal pricing purchases
in the official morning rings, delers said.
    Three months delivery ended the afternoon ring at 301.50
stg, up 2.50 stg a tonne from yesterday afternoon's kerb close,
and the dollar equivalent ended around 484 dlrs a tonne.
    The cash metal buying widened the backwardation to around
seven at one stage from three stg a tonne yesterday.
 REUTER

Comex silver futures held sharply
higher morning levels at midday, but further advances were
checked by overseas and commercial selling.
    May was up 12.5 cents at 6.705 dlrs as of 1223 hrs EDT.
July was up 13.1 cents at 6.785 dlrs, both exactly as they were
at 1000 hrs EDT this morning.
    Traders said locals remain long and speculative interest
continues. But profit taking has intensified on expectations of
a corrective downward move if the market becomes overbought.
    Some interest has been drawn away from silver by a further
record-setting stock market advance.
 Reuter

NOON CDT  APRIL 7
        CENTS PER LB   CHANGE
 CHOICE STEERS
 YIELD GRADE 3
 600/700  unquoted
 700/800  unquoted
 800/900  unquoted
 CHOICE HEIFERS
 500/550  87-88        unch to off 1
 550/700  unquoted
 Reuter

An explosion and fire today
damaged a grain elevator in Bancroft, Iowa, destroying
thousands of bushels of grain, authorities said.
    The pre-dawn explosion ripped the wooden elevator open, and
a fire that followed continued burning at late morning but had
been contained, according to a dispatcher at the Algona Police
Department.
    No injuries were reported at the Lone Rock Coop facility.
    The dispatcher said the elevator was filled with corn, and
a nearby drying building holding soybeans was on fire.
    The explosion was the second in four days in Iowa following
the destruction of an Archer Daniels Midland elevator in
Burlington last Friday.
 Reuter


CBT SILVER CLSG 7-APR
1,000 OUNCE SILVER
         OPEN       HIGH  LOW      CLOSE
 APR7 6700L  6720H  6750  6620  6720L  6750H
 MAY7 6730L  6750H  6780  6680  6770B  6790A
 JUN7 6780L  6790H  6820  6660  6820
 AUG7 6860L  6880H  6900  6770  6900
 OCT7 6980          6980  6880  6970B  6990A
 DEC7 7070H  7040L  7080  6920  7080
 FEB8 7050          7150  7050  7140B  7160A
 APR8 7250          7250  7100  7200
 JUN8 7350          7350  7200  7290B  7310A
 AUG8 7420          7420  7300  7390B  7410A
    P SETT      P SETT      P SETT      P SETT
 APR7  6570  MAY7  6600  JUN7  6640  AUG7  6720
 OCT7  6800  DEC7  6880  FEB8  6960  APR8  7040
 JUN8  7120  AUG8  7200



Shr 52 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 10.9 mln vs 9,498,000
    Assets 3.60 billion vs 3.25 billion
    Deposits 2.45 billion vs 2.23 billion
    Loans 2.16 billion vs 1.67 billion
    NOTE: full name of company is Central Bancshares of the
South Inc.
 Reuter


CHGO IMM BRITISH POUND CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN           HIGH   LOW
 JUN7 16095L 16100H  16105  16060
 SEP7 16015          16015  15965
 DEC7   --           15890  15870
 MAR8   --           15810  15810
 JUN8   --             --     --
      CLOSE          SETT   PSETT
 JUN7  16075L 16080H  16080  16100
 SEP7  15970B         15980  16000
 DEC7  15910N         15890  15910
 MAR8  15830N         15810  15830
 JUN8    --             --     --



The French government's privatisation
offer of &lt;Banque du Batiment et des Travaux Publics> (BTP) is
attracting strong demand, a spokesman for the government's
adviser for the offer, &lt;Credit Industriel et Commercial> said.
    A CIC spokesman said demand for the BTP offer today and
yesterday was similar to demand on the first two days of the
share offer for another recently privatised bank, &lt;Sogenal>,
which closed 46 times oversubscribed.
    He recalled the Sogenal offer over two weeks last month was
for 4.95 mln shares, compared to the offer of 1.07 mln shares
in BTP, which closes on Friday after opening on Monday.
 Reuter

The CFTC reported the following stocks
of wheat in Toledo as of Friday, April 3  deliverable against
Chicago Board of Trade wheat futures (in 000's bu).
                        CURRENT  WEEK  YEAR
                        WEEK     AGO   AGO
 SOFT RED WINTER          955    1142  1460
 HARD RED WINTER            0       0     0
 DARK NORTHERN SPRING       0       0     0
 NORTHERN SPRING            0       0     0
 TOTAL DEL GRADES         955    1142  1460
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED  177     162     0
 CCC STOCKS              1803    1783   793
 TOTAL WHEAT STOCKS      2935    3087  2253
 Reuter

The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has reallocated 5.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. wheat to provide
coverage for sales of U.S. vegetable oil to Bangladesh, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    USDA said the action was taken at the request of the
Bangladesh government and reduces the guarantee line authorized
for wheat sales from 25.0 mln dlrs to 20.0 and creates a new
line of 5.0 mln dlrs for vegetable oils.
    To be eligible for coverage under the CCC's Intermediate
Export Credit Program, credit terms must be in excess of three
years, but not more than seven years.
    All sales covered by the credit guarantees must be
registered and shipped by September 30, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter

Gulf export prices for grain delivered to Gulf
export elevators, barge to Louisiana Gulf, rail to Texas Gulf,
prompt or 30 day shipment, dollar per bushel, except sorghum
per cwt.
 WINTER WHEAT
 1 HARD RED-Ordinary 308-3/4 dn 1-1/4
 2 SOFT RED          313-3/4 dn 2-1/2
 2 YEL CORN         180-1/2 up 1-1/4-dn 3/4
 2 YEL SORGHUM     321-327 dn 2-up 4 
 2 YEL SOYBEANS    526-3/4-527-3/4 up 1-up 2
 reuter

Shr nine cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,356,000 vs 1,041,000
    Revs 9,729,000 vs 8,367,000
 Reuter


CHGO IMM 90 DAY TREASURY BILLS CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7  9431H 9430L 9434  9429
 SEP7  9425        9429  9424
 DEC7  9421        9423  9418
 MAR8  9410        9411  9408
 JUN8  9394        9394  9393
 SEP8  9373        9373  9373
 DEC8  9351        9353  9351
 MAR9   --          --    --
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  9429L 9430H  9430  9434
 SEP7  9425H 9424L  9425  9430
 DEC7  9418A        9419  9425
 MAR8  9408         9408  9415
 JUN8  9393A        9393  9398
 SEP8  9373         9373  9377
 DEC8  9351         9353  9359
 MAR9   --           --   9420



Iraq said tonight its forces were
battling to dislodge Iranian troops from territory they gained
during a new three-pronged offensive on the war front near the
southern city of Basra.
    The third High Command communique issued during the day
said the Iranians launched a major overnight assault on the
fronts of three Iraqi divisions, the Qutaiba, Muthanna and
Mohammed al-Qassem forces.
    It said the Iranian troops which attacked the Qutaiba front
were completely annihilated but the invading force managed to
gain some footholds on the other fronts.
    "Fierce fighting has been raging since dawn today and all
morning where our forces succeeded in dislodging the Iranians
from all the positions they gained at the Muthanna front and
the situation ended in Iraq's favour," the communique said.
    It said Iraqi forces were continuing counter-attacks to
drive the Iranians from the few positions they were still
holding on the front of the Mohammed al-Qassem forces.
    The precise locations of the three fronts were not given.
 Reuter

The hog/corn ratio for the week ended
April 4 was 32.7 versus 32.1 the previous week and 17.1 in the
corresponding week a year ago, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The steer/corn ratio in the same week was 42.2, versus 41.2
the previous week and 22.9 in the corresponding week a year
ago.
    The ratio represents the number of bushels of corn at Omaha
that can be bought for 100 lbs of hog or steer.
 Reuter


PRS PARIS COCOA CLSG - APR 07
 May 1230/1255 ba
 Jul 1260 BID
 Sep 1290 BID
 Dec 1310 BID
 Mar 1338/1345 ba
 May 1350 BID
 Jul 1365 BID
 Sales at call NIL accumulative total 25
 Yesterday's official turnover: NIL
 BARELY STEADY




LONDON SUGAR NON-TRANSFERABLE OPTIONS - APR 7
 MTH   TYPE     STRIKE PRICE   PREMIUM  VOLUME
 MORNING BUSINESS
 Nil.
 AFTERNOON BUSINESS
 Nil.




******SENIOR U.S. AIDE SAYS NO CONSENSUS YET ON PARIS CLUB RELIEF FOR POOREST NATIONS
Blah blah blah.




NY SUGAR 14 11:55

 MAY7  2170 UP  4
 JUL7  2185 UNCH
 SEP7  2185 UNCH
 NOV7  2162 UP  1
 JAN8 UNTRD
 MAR8 UNTRD
 MAY8 UNTRD
 JUL8 UNTRD
 SEP8 UNTRD




TSE 300 12:00:31   3897.10   UP 15.90
VOLUME            18,709,198




CBT 12:01 EDT
WHEAT
MAY7  287 1/4 UP  1
JUL7  272 1/4 OFF  1/2
SEP7  272 3/4 OFF  1/4
DEC7  278 UNCH
MAR8  277 1/4 UNCH
CORN
MAY7  160 UP  1 3/4
JUL7  163 3/4 UP  2
SEP7  168 3/4 UP  2 1/2
DEC7  177 1/4 UP  2 1/2
MAR8  184 UP  2 1/4
OATS
MAY7  149 1/2 OFF  1/2
JUL7  138 3/4 UP   1/4
SEP7  129 1/2 UP  1 1/4
DEC7  134 1/2 UP   1/2
MAR8  136 3/4 UNCH
BEANS
MAY7  503 UP  3 1/4
JUL7  504 1/4 UP  4
AUG7  504 1/2 UP  5
SEP7  500 UP  6
NOV7  502 1/2 UP  6 1/2
JAN8  509 1/2 UP  7
MEAL
MAY7  1464 UP  11
JUL7  1462 UP  11
AUG7  1466 UP  16
SEP7  1470 UP  19
OCT7  1470 UP  19
OIL
MAY7  1554 UP  11
JUL7  1589 UP  11
AUG7  1606 UP  11
SEP7  1624 UP  13
OCT7  1639 UP  14



The pilots union that has bid 4.5
billion dlrs to buy United Airlines from UAL Inc said it is
holding a meeting for all airline employees that will be
televised on closed-circuit channels across the country to
other locations to present details of the offer.
    The meeting at a suburban Chicago location is intended to
provide information on the offer to buy the airline, it said.
    Lawyer F. Lee Bailey, pilot chiefs, attorneys and
investment bankers from Lazard Freres, the pilots' financial
advisors, will speak, it said.
 Reuter

Family Health System Inc said
The Federal Bankruptcy Court in Fort Worth, Texas has approved
its offer to purchase &lt;Sheppard Dental Centers Inc's> assets
from a Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceeding for about 300,000 dlrs.
    FHS administers and markets multiple office dental
practices in the Dallas metropolitan area as well as dental
offices in the Dallas Metroplex.
    The company said it plans to open 12 locations in Dallas by
the end of 1987.
 Reuter


ROTTERDAM MEALS/FEEDS TRADES - APR 7 Dlrs tonne cif Rotterdam
unless stated
    SOYMEAL US High protein (eta midApl R'dam) 209
    SOYMEAL PELLETS Brazil Afloat on Topaz (eta Apl 14 Ghent)
202/202.50 Ostria (eta Apl 25 Ghent) 196/198 Cougar (eta
unknown Ghent) 198 fob Alchiones (eta unknown Ghent) 192 fob
Mch 191 cif Ghent Apl 185.50 May/Sep 181 cif Ghent Jne 181 cif
Ghent
    SOYMEAL PELLETS Argentine Afloat on Continental Lotus (eta
Apl 15 R'dam) 197 Standard Ardour (eta Apl 24 R'dam) 196 Ostria
(eta Apl 25 Ghent) 196 May/Sep 175/176 cif Ghent
    LINSEED EXPELLERS Afloat on Standard Ardour (eta Apl 24
R'dam) 159/160 Fa Fa Venture (eta Apl 26 R'dam) 159
    SUNMEAL PELLETS Afloat on Seaspeed (eta midApl R'dam) 121
Chubut (eta unknown) 121 Apl 114/114.25/115
    TAPIOCA THAI HARD PELLETS (Marks 100 kilos fob Rotterdam
customs cleared) Afloat on Astor (eta Apl 19 R'dam) 27.50 North
Atlantic (eta Apl 24 R'dam) 27.50 May/Jne 26.75 Oct/Dec 27
Jan/Jne 1988 25 Jan/Dec 1988 25.25
    CORNGLUTENFEED PELLETS Unloading from Ideal Progress
136/137/138 Arrived on Akron 135 Mch 134 Apl 130 May/Aug
128/127.50
    CITRUSPULP PELLETS Unloading from Philippine Obo 129/130
    PALM EXPELLERS Afloat on Walka Mlodych (eta Apl 9 A'dam)
118.50 Fjordwind (eta Apl 11 R'dam) 114/116/114 Fully Grain
(eta Apl 12 A'dam) 114 Radnoti (eta Apl 28 R'dam) 115 Mch/Apl
110
 REUTER



Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 15
 Reuter

Apr    149.00 149.00 149.25 149.75 147.75  2184
 May    147.75 147.50 147.75 148.00 146.25  2000
 Jun    146.75 146.25 146.75 147.25 146.00   536
 Jul    146.25 146.25 147.00 147.25 146.25    95
 Aug       --- 146.50 147.50    ---    ---   ---
 Sep       --- 148.00 151.00    ---    ---   ---
 Oct       --- 149.00    ---    ---    ---   ---
 Nov       --- 147.00    ---    ---    ---   ---
 TOTAL SALES   4815

Daltex Medical Sciences Inc said a
non-toxic, oral drug to treat skin disorders, such as redness,
scattered pimples, yellow and wrinkling associated with aging,
has been filed by the inventors and assigned to the company.
    The inventors are Dr. Albert M. Kligman and Dr. Gerd
Plewig. Kligman, a University of Pennsylvania dermatologist,
discovered the use of retinoic acid for treating acne.
    Daltex said initial tests of the drug, a retinoid compound,
have proved effective in treating "problem" skin most often
found in those over 50 and in those whose skin problems have
been aggravated by excessive sun exposure.
    In a Daltex statement, Dr Kligman said that daily doses of
the drug can "moderate or reverse" a number of skin problems
without the side effects typically associated with retinoid
compounds.
    He said more than 100 men and women in the U.S. and Germany
have been treated for six months to two years with the drug,
and said studies indicate that its therapeutic effect can be
maintained if patients take maintenance doses two or three
times a week.
 Reuter

CBT soyproduct futures continued to
trade higher in light midsession trade, with deferred months up
most, supported by the strong tone in the nearby soybean pit,
traders said.
    Soymeal held gains of 0.70 dlr to 2.00 dlrs per tonne, with
steadiness in Rotterdam meals and U.S. cash soymeal basis
values this morning, plus trade-talk of additional processor
down-time in the U.S over the next few weeks, adding to the
positive tone in meal futures, they said.
    Merrill Lynch and E.F. Hutton were the featured outright
buyers of May soymeal, with Cargill spreading May/July at 0.20
dlr premium May, pit brokers said.
    Soyoil futures were up 0.11 to 0.15 cent per lb, supported
by steady commercial buying.
 Reuter

Dry cargo futures on BIFFEX extended
early losses during the afternoon session to close 30 to 52
points lower because of uncertainty as to where the physical
market will go in the near term, dealers said.
    Initial panic profit-taking snowballed and triggered
further sell stops. A 2.5 point fall in the Baltic Freight
Index to 1030.5 further dampened sentiment after its strong
advance over the past week, they added.
    Rumours of lower rates circulated the market this
afternoon, but some dealers said easier fixtures talked of
today involved older tonnage and may not be representive of
current conditions.
 Reuter

MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 284 3/4            UP  1 1/4
 JUL7 281 3/4            UP      1
 SEP7 277 1/2            UP  1 1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


USX, 75,000, 49-5/8, UP 3/8, CROSSED BY FIRST BOSTON




SAO PAULO COFFEE OPG APR 7
 MAY 2.310,00/2.335,00
 JLY 2.800,00/2.830,00
 SEP 3.320,00/3.330,00
 DEC 4.770,00/4.830,00
 MCH 6.920,00/7.000,00
 MAY 8.201,00B



Artistic Greetings Inc said it
expects a rebound in profits and an increase in sales in 1987
as costs connected with computerization, staffing, traning and
catalog sales start to taper off.
    Today it reported 1986 earnings of 294,650 dlrs, down from
371,064 dlrs a year before, on revenues of 8,157,864 dlrs, up
from 7,054,709 dlrs.
 Reuter


NASDAQ COMP 15:02
COMP   435.21   OFF 2.57



Jamesway Corp president Arlie
Lazarus, said the sales for the fiscal year ending January 30,
1988, would reach approximately 700 mln dlrs.
    Jamesway recorded sales for the fiscal year ending January
31, 1987, of 612.4 mln dlrs.
 Reuter


CHICAGO DELIVERABLE OAT STOCKS
    CHICAGO, April 7  The CFTC reported the following stocks of
oats in Chicago as of Friday, April 3 , deliverable against
Chicago Board of Trade futures in 000's bushels -
                         CURRENT  WEEK   YEAR
                         WEEK     AGO    AGO
 DEL GRADES                0        0     64
 NON-DEL GRADES/UNGRADED  57       74     32
 CCC STOCKS                0        0      0
 TOTAL OATS STOCKS        57       74     96
 Reuter



Spring wheat futures closed 1-3/4 to
3/4 cents higher as some exporter pricing and firm cash demand
lent support to an otherwise quiet market, traders said. May
closed 1-3/4 cents higher at 2.85-1/4 dlrs.
    The 14 pct spring wheat cash basis was steady at 38 cents
over May despite increased receipts of 186 cars. Milling durum
was steady at 3.95 to 4.00 dlrs and terminal quality was
unchanged at 3.55 dlrs for Minneapolis and 3.80 dlrs Duluth.
    Other quotes were unchanged with Duluth sunseed at 7.80
dlrs, number one and two oats at 1.55 to 1.66 dlrs, feed barley
at 1.75 dlrs for Duluth and malting barley at 2.00 to 2.05 dlrs.
 Reuter

Avon Products Inc said it reached an
agreement in principle to purchase &lt;Giorgio Inc>, a fragrance
company, for 185 mln dlrs in cash.
    Giorgio's annual revnues are more than 100 mln dlrs, Avon
said. The acquisition has been approved by Avon's board, with
the closing set for May 7.
    The transaction would have no impact on Avon's current
dividend rate, it said.
    Giorgio's boutique in Beverly Hills, Calif., will be sold
back to Fred Hayman, one of the shareholders, who will continue
to operate it independently, Avon said.
    Avon said it identified Giorgio more than a year ago as a
preferred acquisition candidate. It said it is launching a
prestige fragrance developed in conjunction with Catherine
Deneuve this spring.
    Giorgio will be operated as a separate subsidiary, Avon
said, and would not compete with Avon's direct selling beauty
products business.
 Reuter


CBT GNMA CDR CLSG 7-APR
      CLOSE                 PSETT
JUN7      --                05 26/32
SEP7      --                    --
DEC7      --                    --
MAR8      --                    --
SEP8      --                    --
DEC8      --                    --
MAR9      --                    --
JUN9      --                    --
SEP9      --                    --




 N.Y. RUBBER DEALERS C AND F 1615-Apr 7
                                 (cents per lb)
 No 1 rss Apr  44-7/8n May 45-1/8
 No 2 rss Apr  44-3/4n
 No 3 rss Apr  44-1/2n
 No 4 rss Apr  43-7/8n
 Std. indonesian rubber (sir) Apr 38-3/8n
             



Allied-Signal Inc's Bendix Test
Systems Division is cutting between 75 and 125 employes as part
of its streamlining efforts.
    Bendix, which is part of the Aircraft Systems Co of
Allied-Signal's Aerospace's Bendix sector, said the cuts would
create a more cost-effective unit. It said employment is
expected to remain at approximately 1,200 employes.
    The reductions began last month when the division announced
a voluntary retirement program for eligible employes.
 Reuter

The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has authorized 2.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees to cover
sales of seeds for planting to Algeria, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the additional guarantees increase the
cumulative fiscal year 1987 program for sales of U.S.
agricultural products to Algeria to 466.0 mln dlrs.
    To be eligible under the new seed credit guarantees, all
sales must be registered by September 30, 1987, and shipped by
December 31, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter

The U.S. Agriculture Department
announced the following prevailing world market prices of rice
on a loan-rate basis, with previous prices --
    -- Long grain whole kernels 5.87 cts per lb vs 5.70
    -- Medium grain whole kernels 5.28 cts per lb vs 5.12
    -- Short grain whole kernels  5.22 cts per lb vs 5.06
    -- Broken kernels 2.94 cts per lb vs 2.85
    The repayment rate for 1986-crop warehouse or farm-stored
rice loans are the higher of the world price or 50 pct of the
loan rate of 7.20 dlrs per cwt.
    The prices will remain in effect for a week, but new prices
could be announced earlier if warranted, USDA said.
 Reuter

BEST BASIS BIDS POSTED BY GRAIN DEALERS
AT THE CLOSE -
    CHICAGO CORN
 PROCESSORS    SPOT, 4 UNDER MAY - UNC
               L/H APRIL, 1 UNDER MAY - UNC
               F/H MAY, MAY PRICE - UP 1
 EXPORTERS     APRIL, 4 UNDER MAY - UNC
               NEW CROP, 10 UNDER DEC - UNC
  BURNS HARBOR APRIL, 5 UNDER MAY - UNC
 MERCHANDISER  SPOT, 4 UNDER MAY - UNC
    CHICAGO OATS
 MERCHANDISER  SPOT, 20 OVER MAY - UNC
    CHICAGO SOYBEANS
 EXPORTERS     APRIL, 3 UNDER MAY - UNC
               NEW CROP, 10 UNDER NOV - UNC
  BURNS HARBOR APRIL, 3 UNDER MAY - UNC
 MERCHANDISER  SPOT, 3 UNDER MAY - UNC
    CHICAGO SRW WHEAT
 MILLERS 57 LB SPOT, 35 OVER MAY - UNC
 ELEVATOR 58 LB SPOT, MAY PRICE - UNC
               NEW CROP, 7 UNDER JULY - UNC
 EXPORTERS     SPOT, UA
               NEW CROP, 5 UNDER JULY - UNC
 MERCHANDISER  SPOT, 35 OVER MAY - UNC
    TOLEDO
 CORN, SPOT, 5 UNDER MAY - UP 1
 SOYBEANS, SPOT, 1 UNDER MAY - UNC
 SRW WHEAT, SPOT 58 LBS, 35 OVER MAY - UNC
    ILLINOIS RIVER - SENECA
 CORN, SPOT, 2-1/2 UNDER MAY - UP 1-1/2
 SOYBEANS, SPOT, 5 UNDER MAY - DN 1-1/2
    CIF GULF - BARGE
 CORN, APRIL, 21 OVER MAY - NC
 SOYBEANS, APRIL, 24 OVER MAY OFFERED - DN 2
 SRW WHEAT, UNQUOTED
    PIK CERTIFICATES - PCT OF FACE VALUE
 OUT BY APRIL 7, 104-1/2 PCT BID/105-1/4 ASKED -
                                        DN 1/2
 NC - NO COMPARISON   UNC - UNCHANGED
 Reuter


******MOODY'S DOWNGRADES DAYTON HUDSON'S 1.3 BILLION DLRS OF DEBT
Blah blah blah.



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7 284 1/2            UP      1
 JUL7     281            UP    1/4
 SEP7     277            UP      1
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


**Ia-So Minn direct hogs estimated rcpts 80,000 vs actual week ago 85,000 and actual year ago 72,000.
Blah blah blah.



Shr 25 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 1.3 mln vs 2,460,000
    NOTE: 1987 1st qtr includes loan write-offs at banking
subsidiary, The Colonial Bank of Mobile, due to loan losses, of
1.3 mln dlrs or 25 cts a share.
 Reuter


N.Y. COCOA VOL/OPEN INTEREST FOR APRIL 6
       VOL       OPEN   CHANGE
 MAY    820      4664   off  462
 JLY   1081      8581   up   350
 Sep     39      3435   up     3
 DEC     63      4420   off   34
 Mch      0      1124   unch    
 May      0       209   unch    
total  2003     22433   off  143
                             



Eurodollar deposit rates closed little
changed around the levels established at midmorning. Rates at
the longer end of the market showed 1/16 point gains on a weak
opening from the dollar, dealers said.
    Trading remained very quiet throughout the day with
operators sidelined in the absence of major U.S. Economic data
and ahead of this week's Group of Seven meeting in Washington.
The G-7 finance ministers are due to discuss their February
pact on currency stability and this could well have an impact.
    One to five month eurodollars were steady with three months
closing at 6-9/16 7/16 pct.
    Dealers noted that Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said a restrictive monetary policy would hit investment
and that a better course would be to restrain spending. Volcker
was testifying to the Senate Banking Committee.
    Volcker also said a further fall in the dollar would be
counterproductive and that the currency's performance could be
a factor in determining U.S. Monetary policy.
    Short dated eurodollars were steady with overnight to
spot/next quoted at a uniform 6-1/4 1/8 pct. The Fed added
temporary reserves via two-day system repurchase agreements
with Fed funds trading at 6-1/8 pct.
 REUTER


N.Y. METALS FUTURES ESTIMATED VOLUMES- APRIL 7
 Time      10.00  11.00  12.00
 Silver     8000  13000  17000
 Copper      900   1700   2500
 Gold       4500   8000  10500
 Aluminum      0      1      1
 Palladium  ----    190    239
 Platinum   ----   2226   2876
 Reuter




LONDON COCOA OPTION TRADES AFTERNOON - APR 7
    Business nil.



MINNEAPOLIS WHEAT
 MAY7     285            UP  1 1/2
 JUL7 281 1/4            UP    1/2
 SEP7 276 1/2            UP    1/2
 DEC7  --     --
 MAR8  --     --


LONDON SUGAR NO.6 AT 1710 - APR 7
 MTH   LAST    BYR     SLR    HIGH     LOW SALES
 May  151.2  151.2   151.4   152.0   147.0  1347
 Aug  155.0  155.4   155.8   155.8   152.0   495
 Oct  159.6  159.8     ---   160.0   155.6  1724
 Dec  161.0  161.6   163.0   163.0   161.0    54
 TOTAL SALES  3620



Weis Markets Inc said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split for holders of record May
1, 1987, with a distribution date of May 22, 1987.
    The company also said a regular quarterly dividend of 16
cts per share on the pre-split shares will be paid May 22 to
shareholders of record May 1.
 Reuter

The Bank of Canada said the   U.S. dollar at
soon was 1.3053 compared to
1.3074 dollars yesterday.
   The pound sterling rates at noon 2.1130  compared to 2.1147
yesterday.
   


MINNEAPOLIS GRAIN CARLOTS APRIL 7
   (in thousands/cars)
           RECEIPTS YEAR AGO SHIPMENTS
 WHEAT       186      54        71
 CORN          1       2         0
 OATS          5       0         0
 BARLEY       90      41        58
 RYE           1       0         0
 SOYBEANS      0       1         0
 SUNFLOWER     1      11         0
 FLOUR         0       0        38
 Reuter




LONDON SUGAR NO.6 AT 1750 - APR 7
 MTH   LAST    BYR     SLR    HIGH     LOW SALES
 May  154.0  153.8   154.0   155.4   147.0  1581
 Aug  157.6  157.0   158.0   158.4   152.0   616
 Oct  164.0    ---   162.6   164.0   155.6  1739
 Dec  161.0  161.6   163.0   163.0   161.0    54
 TOTAL SALES  3990



Qtly div 55 cts vs 55 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record June 1
 Reuter

Comex silver futures made session highs
on the close, settling with gains of 18.5 to 20.4 cents.
Settling prices also set new highs for the recent move, as
speculative buying overcame midsession profit taking.
    Locals and commercial traders who went short today,
expecting a corrective move, bought back positions. Those who
went long weeks ago are still reluctant to sell, traders said.
    Analysts said speculators continue to find silver a bargain
relative to gold and are snapping up the metal as a cheap
inflation hedge.
    May closed 18.5 cents higher at 6.765 dlrs. July was up
18.7 cents at 6.841 dlrs. Open interest at yesterday's close
rose to 109,534 contracts, a new high for the move. Estimated
volume today was 38,500 lots, including 4,326 switches.
 Reuter


CBT TREASURY BONDS CLSG 7-APR
      CLOSE                 PSETT
JUN7  97 9/32 H 97 7/32 L   98 4/32
SEP7  96 7/32 H 96 5/32 L   97 4/32
DEC7  95 5/32 L 95 7/32 H   96 5/32
MAR8  94 12/32H 94 9/32 L   95 7/32
JUN8  93 16/32H 93 13/32L   94 11/32
SEP8  92 22/32H 92 19/32L   93 16/32
DEC8      --                92 22/32
MAR9  91 5/32 H 91 2/32 L   91 30/32
JUN9      --                91 8/32
SEP9      --                90 20/32
DEC9      --                90 1/32




CME ESTIMATED SALES - APRIL 7
      LIVE    FEEDER   LIVE   PORK
      CATTLE  CATTLE   HOGS   BELLIES  LUMBER
 APR    7325    542    2727
 MAY            996            4645      1297
 JUN    9885           5768
 JLY                   2445    1347       485
 AUG    3678    324     914     396
 SEP             69                       179
 OCT    1838    171     230
 NOV             20                       130
 DEC     766             89
 JAN             11                         6
 FEB     198             47     110
 MCH              1               0        20
 APR      17             24
 MAY                              0
 JUN                      1
 TTL   23707   2134   12245    6498      2117
   
 Reuter




NYSE RESUMPTION - TODD SHIPYARDS CORP &lt;TOD>, 200 AT 16-1/2,
UNCHANGED




CHGO IMM EURODOLLARS CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN         HIGH  LOW
 JUN7  9330L 9331H 9336  9328
 SEP7  9325        9329  9320
 DEC7  9318        9321  9311
 MAR8  9303        9307  9297
 JUN8  9284        9286  9277
 SEP8  9262        9264  9256
 DEC8  9239        9241  9233
 MAR9  9218        9220  9210
      CLOSE        SETT  PSETT
 JUN7  9329H 9328L  9329  9335
 SEP7  9320L 9321H  9321  9330
 DEC7  9311L 9312H  9312  9322
 MAR8  9297         9297  9308
 JUN8  9277         9278  9288
 SEP8  9256         9256  9266
 DEC8  9235A        9233  9243
 MAR9  9210L 9211H  9211  9222



Houston Oil Trust said there will be no
royalty funds available for distribution to unit holders in
April.
    It also said that based on recent independent petroleum
engineers' estimates of Oct 31, 1986, there may be no amounts
avialable for distribution the rest of the year.
 Reuter

Levitt Corp said it filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement
covering a 25 mln dlr issue of convertible subordinated
debentures due 2012.
    Proceeds from the offering will repay the company's debt
and will be used for general corporate purposes.
    Levitt designs, builds and sells single-family homes and
has recently begun a number of new construction projects,the
company added.
    Bear, Stearns and Co and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets have
tentatively been named as underwriters.
 Reuter

(Sportscene Restaurants Inc) said it
acquired (Cafe Christophe Van Houtte Inc), a cafe chain with
ten franchises and one corporate restaurant, for an unspecified
amount of cash and Sportscene shares.
 Reuter

The U.S. Treasury said it will sell
13.2 billion dlrs of three and six-month bills at its regular
auction next week.
    The April 13 sale, to be evenly divided between the three
and six month issues, will result in a paydown of 12.35 billion
dlrs as maturing bills total 25.55 billion dlrs including the
9-day cash management bills issued April 7 in the amount of
11.01 billion dlrs.
    The bills will be issued April 16.
 Reuter


PORTLAND DAILY GRAIN - APRIL 7  (USDA)
    Bids at 1230 hrs, Pacific time, for grains arriving at
Portland, Oregon for April delivery by rail, truck or barge in
cents per bushel, except oats, corn and barley, per cwt.
 1  Soft White Wheat  296-301 dn 1
 1  White Club Wheat  296-341 dn 38-dn 1
 1 HARD RED WINTER WHEAT--Exporters bids
 PROTEIN
  ORDINARY          310         dn 1          
  10 PCT            310         dn 1          
  11 PCT            312         dn 1          
  12 PCT            316         dn 1          
  13 PCT            328         dn 1          
 Montana 1 Dark Northern Spring Wheat
  13 pct            320         up 1          
  14 pct            356         up 1          
  15 pct            384         up 1          
 2 BARLEY
 UNIT TRAINS/BARGES-EXPORT -
 430-440    unch         
 SINGLE RAIL CARS-DOMESTIC -
 435-445    unch-dn 5    
 INLAND FEEDING AREAS -
 405-420    dn 5-unch      
2 YELLOW CORN - MIDWEST ORIGIN/DOMESTIC -
 370-385         up 3-3/4-dn 5    
2 HEAVY WHITE OATS - 475-490  unch-dn 10
 Reuter




SAO PAULO COFFEE CLSG APR 7
 MAY 2.344,00
 JLY 2.856,00
 SEP 3.366,00
 DEC 4.838,90
 MCH 7.028,00
 MAY 8.550,00
 PRICES IN CRUZADOS PER 60 KG
 TRADES 553 LOTS OF 60 KILO BAG
 FIRM



Frozen concentrated orange juice
futures closed 2.60 to 0.80 cents higher, though the market
failed to hold early gains of as much as 4.40 cents in the July
delivery. Estimated volume was 1,000 contracts.
    May was up 1.70 cents at 132.90 cents, off a high of 133.50
cents. July was up 2.60 cents at 131.70 cents.
    Speculative short covering early in the session pushed the
market up, after locals succeeded in triggering stops over
132.00 cents in the May. The trade was an early buyer as well
but turned seller at the top, taking profits and knocking
prices off the early highs.
    The afternoon session was quiet and prices remained steady.
Traders said spot May now roughly reflects the ex-dock price of
Brazilian juice.
 Reuter

U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said a textile bill, widely expected to be offered as
an amendment to trade legislation on the House or Senate floor,
is "pure protectionism."
    "Its attachment to a trade bill would kill the bipartisan,
cooperative spirit needed to produce growth-oriented,
market-opening legislation," he said in a speech prepared for
the University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business.
    President Reagan vetoed that bill last year and would
almost certainly reject this year's bill, he added.
    "We simply cannot accept legislation that would provoke
retaliation against American exporters, destroy the Uruguay
Round, and embroil us in dozens of trade wars," the trade
representative said.
 Reuter

U.S. consumer instalment credit rose
a seasonally adjusted 1.77 billion dlrs in February after a
revised rise of 789 mln dlrs in January, the Federal Reserve
Board said.
    The annual rate of growth in February was 3.7 pct, up from
1.6 pct in January. Previously the Fed said consumer credit
rose 536 mln dlrs in January.
    Among the credit categories, auto credit rose in February
by 717 mln dlrs after increasing 416 mln dlrs in January, the
Fed said.
    Revolving credit in February rose 1.04 billion dlrs after
falling by 23 mln dlrs in January.
    Mobile home credit was down by 59 mln dlrs in February
after rising 141 mln dlrs in January.
    The category referred to as "other," covering bank and credit
union loans, increased by 74 mln dlrs in February after rising
by 255 mln dlrs in January, the Fed said.
    Before seasonal adjustment, consumer credit outstanding
totaled 576.05 billion dlrs at the end of February, compared
with 530.41 billion dlrs at the end of February, 1986.
 Reuter

CarePlus Inc said it will seek shareholder
approval of its proposed acquisition of certain assets and
assumption of certain liabilities of Professional Care Inc
&lt;PCI>.
    In connection with the acquisition, shareholders will be
requested to approval the merger of CarePlus into its newly
formed Delaware subsidiary, CarePlus said.
    CarePlus said its board has tentatively determined that its
stock would be exchanged for common stock of the new
corporation at the rate of seven for one.
 Reuter


MINNEAPOLIS WEEKLY WHOLESALE PRICES-april 7 
    Bulk per 10n carlots/deliveried Minneapolis
 (DLRS PER TON)
 Soybean meal 44 pct protein      152.60 
              46-1/2 pct protein  162.50 
 Linseed meal 34 pct protein      115.00 
 Sunflower meal
      28 pct protein, 23 pct fiber 80.00 
      25 pct protein               unq   
      34 pct protein               unq   
 Meat meal 50 pct protein         195.00 
 Tankage 60 pct                   220.00 
 Yellow grease, cent per lb        9-1/2 
 Feather meal 80 pct protein      150.00 
 Wheat bran                        26.00 
 Wheat middlngs                    26.00 
 Reground oat hull 3 pct protein   6.00  
 Alfalfa meal 17 pct dehydrated    90.00 
 Sunflower crude oil, cents per lb 15.50  
                      year ago     19.00  
 Reuter



Toronto stocks, higher at midsession,
closed lower as a bout of profit taking on Wall Street spilled
over to Canadian markets, analysts said.
    The composite index dipped 10.20 points to 3871.00,
although advances narrowly led declines 518 to 507 on very busy
volume of 39.7 mln shares. The 300-share composite index soared
139 points in the last three sessions.
    "By and large, we had a good dose of profit taking today,"
Maison Placements Canada Inc analyst John Ing commented. "It is
more developments in the U.S. that appear to be influencing
stock prices up here," he added.
    Interlisted issues led the Toronto market lower, analyst
Ing said. Seagram fell 2-1/8 to 100-3/8, Northern Telecom slid
1-1/2 to 58-1/2 and leading active trader Canadian Pacific lost
1/4 to 24-3/4.
    Forest product stocks, making strong gains in recent
sessions, traded mixed. MacMillan Bloedel lost 3/8 to 28-3/4,
third top active British Columbia Forest Products was unchanged
at 20-3/4 and Canfor Corp rose 1/2 to 35 dlrs.
    Consolidated-Bathurst firmed 1/8 to 21-1/8. It said it
expects the improvement in the pulp and paper sector shown in
the second half of 1986 to continue this year.
    Gold producer Galactic Resources jumped 1-1/8 to 10-3/8. It
said yesterday it plans to merge with Quartz Mountain Gold and
said Cornucopia Resources granted an option to enter in a
Nevada joint venture.
    Other precious metals strengthened against the lower trend.
Hemlo Gold advanced 7/8 to 27-1/4 and Lacana Mining climbed
1-3/8 to 18-1/2. Base metal stocks turned lower in the
afternoon after early gains. Falconbridge eased 1/8 to 19-3/4,
Inco slipped 1/8 to 21-5/8 and Noranda lost 1/8 to 32 dlrs.
    Montreal's market portfolio index fell 12.52 points to
1922.51. The Vancouver index rose 9.9 points to 1883.9.
 Reuter

An influential member of Congress
endorsed a General Accounting Office, GAO, proposal calling for
establishing a federal board to oversee government assistance
to the financially-troubled farm credit system.
    Rep. Ed Jones, D-Tenn., chairman of the House Agriculture
subcommittee which will draft a farm credit rescue package
later this year, told reporters following testimony by
Comptroller General Charles Bowsher, that establishing a
federal board to implement the rescue is a good idea.
    "I like the idea of an additional layer of management" to
oversee the rescue, Jones told reporters.
    Rep. Jones made the remarks following a hearing at which
the General Accounting Office, GAO, outlined its suggestions
for a bail-out of the system.
    Comptroller General Bowsher proposed Congress set up a
strong board, modeled on the example of the successful Chrysler
loan guarantee board, to make hard choices on restructuring the
failing system.
    The members of the board would include both representatives
of government agencies and some independent officials, Bowsher
proposed.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Service Inc said it
affirmed the debt ratings of 3.7 billion dlrs of debt of United
Technologies Corp and its units.
    Affirmed were the Aa-3 senior debt of the parent and its
units United Technologies Credit Corp, United Technologies
Financial Services Inc, United Technologies Finance N.V.,
Carrier Corp and Carrier International Finance N.V. Also
affirmed were the parent's Prime-1 commercial paper, Aa-3
Euroyen bonds and A-1 preferred stock.  United Technologies
Credit Corp's A-1 subordinated debt was also affirmed, Moody's
said.
    Moody's cited its expectations that the company's programs
will be successful in lowering operating costs and improving
intermediate-term capital management. This will raise financial
measures from current low levels.
    As operating earnings and cash flow of the companies
increase as a result of the programs, balance sheet leverage
will decrease, the agency noted.
    United Technologies and its units face strong competition
but they all dominate their markets, Moody's pointed out.
 Reuter

Prices on the American Stock Exchange
closed lower in active trading.
    The AMEX Index fell 0.59 to 341.64.
    The Average price per share was three cts lower
    Declines led advances 326 to 282
    AMEX volume rose to 14,224,710 shares from 12,855,230
yesterday.
    Options volume was 345,250 compared to 324,863 yesterday.
 Reuter

The Senate approved legislation to
extend until March 31, 1988 the date for the National
Commission on Dairy Policy to report on the federal milk price
support program and the dairy industry.
    The report is to recommend whether the Agriculture
Department should have continued authority to reduce the milk
price support level.
    The one year extension was required due to delays in
setting up the commission.
 Reuter


CENTRAL U.S. CARLOT BEEF TRADE-USDA--APRIL 7
    FOB Omaha basis and midwest area markets including Texas
and Oklahoma as of 1500 CST. choice cattle up 1.00 dlr and
goods up 0.50 to 1.50 dlr.
    demand light in moderate trade amid limited offerings.
    Sales reported on 101 loads of cattle carcasses.
    Steer carcasses - FOB Omaha -
   3 choice 3 600-900  99.00
   4 choice 2 600-900 100.00
  50 good 1-3 600-900  97.50-98.50
    Heifer carcasses - FOB Omaha -
   5 choice 3 550-800 98.00
   3 choice 3 500-550 88.00-89.00
   3 choice 3 400-500 87.00-88.00
   1 choice 2 550-800 99.00
  20 good 1-3 550-800 96.50-97.00
    Cow carcasses - fob Omaha - no sales
 Reuter



Nacco Industries Inc said it will
report a gain in the second quarter of about 11.5 mln dlrs or
1.25 dlrs a share from the sale of stock of a subsidiary.
    Nacco said its North American Coal Corp unit has received
notice that Consolidation Coal Co, a unit of Du Pont Co &lt;DD>,
will exercise an option to buy all of the stock of Quarto
Mining Co, a subsidiary of North American Coal.
    For the stock, North American Coal will receive about 15.2
mln dlrs, 5.2 mln of which will be paid at closing April 10 and
the rest in installments, the company said.
    In addition, Quarto will pay a dividend to North American
Coal of about 10 mln dlrs from retained earnings before
closing. The funds were previously used to finance mining
operations.
    Consolidation Coal got the option from the Capco Group of
utilities, which received the option from Nacco in 1981.
    Nacco reported earnings of 10.8 mln dlrs or 1.11 dlrs a
share in last year's second quarter.
    In 1986, Quarto generated 5.9 mln dlrs in net income, equal
to 62 cts a share, of Nacco's total 1986 earnings of 3.48 dlrs
a share.
    Quarto produced about 3.6 mln short tons of the 24.3 mln
tons produced by North American Coal in 1986, Nacco said.
 Reuter

ITT Corp said it will redeem the
outstanding shares of its four-dlr convertible series H,
4.50-dlr convertible series I and four-dlr convertible series J
cumulative preferred stock.
    ITT said the shares will be redeemed for 100 dlrs a share
plus dividend accrued through June eight, the redemption date.
    ITT said the right to convert the series H issue will end
June one, while the right to convert the series I and J issues
will end June eight.
    ITT has about 124,000 shares of series H outstanding,
839,000 shares of series I and 142,000 shares of series J.
    Earlier today the company said its board authorized the buy
back of up to 10 mln shares of common and preferred stock.
 Reuter

Interface Flooring Systems Inc
said it announced a public offering of 2,800,000 shares of the
company's Class A common stock at a price of 21.25 dlrs per
share.
    The underwriting group was co-managed by the
Robinson-Humphry Co Inc, and PaineWebber Inc, it said.
 Reuter


 NASDAQ CLOSING  ACTIVE - APRIL 7
 Anchor Save Bank   3,652,400 12-3/4 up  1-1/4  Genetic Inc    
   3,166,200 50-1/4 off 3-3/4
 Network Systems    1,609,500 13-3/4 up    5/8
 Interface flooring 1,400,300 21     off   1/2
 Pic 'N Save        1,322,900 26-1/2 off   5/8
 Intel Corp         1,301,300 42     off   1/2  Apollo Computer
   1,182,700 18-5/8 off 1-1/4
 Apple Computer     1,162,400 67-3/4 off 2-1/4
 Glaxo Holding      1,153,300 24-1/4 unch     
 Dasa Corp          1,130,300 1-3/16 unch     
 (volume = shares)
 Total Share Volume:  169,112,500
 please  note volume based on shares
 rather than dollar volume.)
 Reuter



Brokers reported the following
Brazilian soybean and product basis levels.
    SHIPMENT    BASIS      CBT MONTH    PREV
    Soybean (cents per bushel)
    Fob Paranagua
    May         2/1 D      May          unch
    Jun/Jly     2/1 D      Jly          unch
    Aug         3/2 D      Aug          unch
    Fob Rio Grande
    May         9/7 D      May          unch
    Jun/Jly    12/9 D      Jly          unch
    SHIPMENT    BASIS      CBT MONTH    PREV
    Soybean Pellets (dlrs per short ton 48 pct profat)
    Fob Paranagua
    Apr/Sep     8/10 P     May/Sep      8.5/10 P
    May       7.5/9  P     May          8/9.5 P
    May/Sep     7/8  P     May/Sep      7.5/8.5 P
    Jun/Jly    6/7.5 P     Jly          unch
    Soybean Meal (dlrs per short ton 45/46 pct profat)
    Fob Rio Grande
    May         4.5 PB     May          3 PB
    SHIPMENT    BASIS      CBT MONTH    PREV
    Soybean Oil (points per lb, crude, degummed)
    Fob Paranagua
    May         260/230 D  May          270/250 D
    Jun         290/280 D  Jly          290/280 D
    Jun/Jly     300/270 D  Jly          320/300 D
    Aug         290/280 D  Aug          unq
 REUTER

Petroleum futures rallied today in a
market that was expecting declines in domestic supplies and
became further unsettled by escalated Mideast fighting.
    Crude oil, gasoline and heating oil all posted gains on the
New York Mercantile Exchange, with crude oil prices matching
life-of-contract highs. Crude for delivery in May closed 17
cents higher at 18.84 dlrs a barrel.
    "Crude futures could jump above 19 dlrs a barrel but will
not remain there long if products are not strong," Robert
Murphy, account executive at E.F. Hutton, said.
    Traders said prices were supported by anticipation that the
American Petroleum Institute would report a decline in domestic
inventories of petroleum products in a weekly report.
    Traders said prices also were supported by an escalation in
the Iran-Iraq war, with the Iranians reportedly launching a new
offensive against Iraqi positions, and Iraq attacking offshore
oil fields and an oil export depot.
    Buying by speculators continued to prompt gains in gold and
silver futures on the Commodity Exchange in New York.
    Gold prices retreated at midday, but rallied before the
close with support from the silver market, which was
approaching two-year highs, traders said.
    Soybean futures posted strong gains on the Chicago Board of
Trade, while corn and wheat were mostly higher.
    Traders said cash sales have been slow in the country, and
the soybean harvest in Brazil has been delayed by rain, which
is limiting supplies.
    In addition, the Agriculture Department last week projected
a substantial drop in soybean acreage this year.     Monday's
report that the USDA inspected 46 mln bushels of corn for
export last week was unexpectedly high and, coupled with a lack
of farm sales, provided support for the corn market, traders
said.
    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies rallied on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange, while cattle ended lower.
    Live hogs pushed ahead on a lack of supplies because many
farmers are turning their attention to spring planting rather
than marketing livestock, traders said, noting that cash sales
have been lighter than expected this week.
    The lack of marketing also has supported pork bellies, but
prices drifted lower for moderate losses in nearby months as
speculators sold contracts to take profits, traders said.
    Cattle prices closed lower but continued to show strength
related to tight supplies.
    Prices pushed ahead to new contract highs, extending gains
past three-year peaks set Monday, as tight supplies forced meat
packers to bid aggressively for available animals.
    However, some traders sold contracts to take profits after
the extended rally, which has seen the April delivery contract
soar to 69.90 cents a pound from 56 cents a pound at the start
of the year.
    New York coffee futures closed higher on trade talk Brazil
would not be an aggressive seller near term, analysts said.
 Reuter

U.S. stock index futures dropped in 
active late afternoon trade and closed near daily lows.
    The selloff followed an early rally that had sent June S
and P 500s to a new contract high of 306.10. Arbitrage buy
programs were triggered when the June S and P reached a 3.20
point premium over the spot index, traders said.
    However, weakness in the bond market in afternoon trade
sparked selling in June S and Ps, sending the nearby contract
to a discount which triggered the unwinding of buy programs,
traders said. June S and Ps fell through chart support at
296.00 which also sparked technical selling.
    Value Line futures closed down 6.85 to 7.00, S and P 500
futures fell 7.65 to 7.85, NYSE futures dropped 4.60, and MMI
futures ended 10.65 to 11.00 points lower.

 Reuter


******API SAYS DISTILLATE STOCKS UP 628,000 BBLS, GASOLINE UP 2.29 MLN, CRUDE UP 8.52 MLN
Blah blah blah.




PORK CUT OUT FOR APRIL 7 
    Estimated gross cutout value of 175 lb hog carcasses based
on carlot prices of pork cuts and yields from USDA tests. FOB
OMAHA BASIS.
           Grade of Carcass (price per cwt)
           ONE      TWO      THREE    FOUR
 Value/cwt 67.72    65.78    63.85    61.91 
 Change from previous day
          dn 0.22   dn 0.20  dn 0.17  dn 0.15
 Calculations for US No.2 175 lb pork carcasses.
                     CARCASS  FOB
 CUT          WEIGHT  PCT    OMAHA  CHANGE
 Skinned Hams 14-20 21.01  73.50  dn 6.50 
 Loins/retail 14-22 20.33 112.00  up 5.00 
 Sdls Bellies 12-14 13.90  61.00  up 1.00 
 Spareribs    3.5/dn 3.03 143.00  unch    
 Picnics      8-12  10.31  42.50  unch    
 Butts/retail 4-8    7.25  83.00  unch    
 72 pct trim         2.19  75.00  unch    
 TOTAL PERCENTAGE 94.51, VALUE/CWT 65.78
 Reuter




N.Y. EURODEPOSITS CLOSING - APR 7
 U.S. DOLLAR
 One month    6-3/8      6-1/4
 Two months   6-7/16    6-5/16
 Three months 6-1/2      6-3/8
 Four months  6-9/16    6-7/16
 Five months  6-9/16    6-7/16
 Six months   6-5/8      6-1/2
 Year         6-13/16  6-11/16

 Reuter



Wall Street's fears about interest
rates and inflation were reignited today, triggering a sharp
selloff in active trading. Profit taking and arbitrage related
sell programs, taking a cue from falling bond prices, combined
to pound the market sharply lower.
    The Dow Jones Industrial Average, which soared 85 points to
record levels in the past two sessions, tumbled 45 points to
close at 2361 today. It was the fourth biggest decline in the
market's history. Declines led advances three-one as volume
rose to 188 mln shares from the 174 mln that traded on Monday.
 Reuter


TORONTO   STATISTICS /VOLUME


INDUSTRIALS UP     388
            DOWN   428
            UNCH   275
          VOLUME    28,915,064

MINES       UP      88
            DOWN    49
            UNCH    30
          VOLUME    7,276,519

OILS        UP      41
            DOWN    30
            UNCH    31
          VOLUME    3,554,964





CBT TREASURY BONDS CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN                 HIGH      LOW
 JUN7 97 26/32H 97 24/32L  98 4/32   97 7/32
 SEP7 96 27/32H 96 25/32L  97 2/32   96 5/32
 DEC7 95 24/32             96 2/32   95 5/32
 MAR8 94 28/32             95 3/32   94 9/32
 JUN8 93 16/32             93 16/32  93 13/32
 SEP8 92 22/32             92 22/32  92 19/32
 DEC8     --               91 26/32  91 26/32
 MAR9 91 15/32             91 15/32  91 2/32
 JUN9     --               90 12/32  90 12/32
 SEP9     --               89 24/32  89 24/32
 DEC9     --               89 5/32   89 5/32
      CLOSE                SETT      PSETT
 JUN7 97 9/32 H 97 7/32 L  97 8/32   98 4/32
 SEP7 96 7/32 H 96 5/32 L  96 7/32   97 4/32
 DEC7 95 5/32 L 95 7/32 H  95 7/32   96 5/32
 MAR8 94 12/32H 94 9/32 L  94 9/32   95 7/32
 JUN8 93 16/32H 93 13/32L  93 13/32  94 11/32
 SEP8 92 22/32H 92 19/32L  92 19/32  93 16/32
 DEC8     --               91 26/32  92 22/32
 MAR9 91 5/32 H 91 2/32 L  91 2/32   91 30/32
 JUN9     --               90 12/32  91 8/32
 SEP9     --               89 24/32  90 20/32
 DEC9     --               89 5/32   90 1/32




 TORONTO INDICES CLOSING APR 7
 TSE 300    3871.0  off  10.2
 METALS/MIN  UNAV
 GOLDS      8771.7  up  141.0
 OIL/GAS    4176.3  up   39.4
 VOLUME 39,746,547



(La Confederation des Caisses
Populaires et d'Economie Desjardins), the Quebec credit union
group, said it is lowering the interest rate on unpaid balances
on its Visa credit card to 15.9 pct from 18.0 pct, effective
with June billing statements.
    The move follows cuts in credit card interest rate charges
by several Canadian banks.
 Reuter


U.S. VEGETABLE OILS - April 7
                                     Cents a lb
 Peanut oil-
 Crude FOB Southeast                   24.50A
 Refined New York                      31.50N
 Crude FOB bulk New Orleans            27.00N
 Refined FAS drums Southeast           38.00N
 Soybean oil-
 Crude FOB Mid-west                    15.06N
 Refined tankcars FOB Decatur          18.06N
 Crude FOB bulk New York               16.31N
 FAS drums New York                    21.81N
 Cottonseed oil-
 Crude FOB Mississippi valley          17.50N
 Refined New York                      21.50N
 Crude FOB bulk New Orleans            18.75N
 Refined FAS drums New Orleans         24.25N
 Maize (corn) oil-
 Crude bulk New York                   22.65N
 Refined bulk New York                 27.15N
 Coconut oil (Philippines)-
 Crude CIF, New York/NOLA, April/May    18.00N
 Crude FOB tankcars Gulf, nearby        19.00N
 Desiccated coconut (Philippines)-
 FOB West Coast in 10,000 lb lots       unav
 Linseed oil-
 Crude FOB Minneapolis, tankcars        25.00N
 Tung oil (Argentine)-
 Crude oil tankcars New York            45.00N
 Castor oil (Brazil) number one-
 Crude FOB tankcars New York            34.50N
 Palm oil any origin-
 Refined bleached deoderized, CIF
   New York/NOLA, nearby                17.00N
 Palm kernel oil any origin-
 Crude CIF New York/NOLA, nearby        18.75N
 Reuter



1500 cst.
    Fresh pork loins 14-18 lbs generally steady and 18-22 lbs
steady/up 2.00 dlrs, boston butts generally steady, skd hams
off 9.00/14.00 dlrs and sdls bellies steady/up 2.00 dlrs.
    trade moderate to active for light to moderate offerings
and demand.
    Sales reported on 61 loads of fresh pork cuts and two loads
of trimmings and boneless processing pork.
    FRESH PORK CUTS - FOB OMAHA BASIS
 22.0 Loins - Regular - 14-18 94.00-103.00
  1.5 18-22 98.00-100.00
  2.0 Boston Butts - 4-8 70.00-75.00
      Picnics - no trade
      Skinned Hams -
  7.0 17-20 70.50-73.50
  8.0 20-26 70.00-70.50
      Sdls Bellies, Skin on fresh -
  1.0 10-12 58.00
  5.0 12-16 59.50-62.00
  5.0 16-18 57.00-59.00
  3.0 18-20 52.00-53.00
  2.0 20-25 48.00-49.50
 Reuter

There were six grain ships loading and
six ships were waiting to load at Portland, according to the
Portland Merchants Exchange.
  
 Reuter

FOB U.S. gulf corn values were
slightly firmer as active gulf interest boosted gulf FOB and
CIF values today, exporters said.
    Loading programs and relatively slow country movement kept
gulf interest lively. There were indications that 50,000 tonnes
traded for August shipment at 20 cents over September, that
50,000 tonnes traded yesterday for June at 20-1/2 cents over
July, and that 25,000 tonnes of number three corn traded
yesterday off the Atlantic at 23 over May for May 1-20.
    Hard wheat offers were firm amid tight pipeline supplies.
    Dealers quoted the following afternoon FOB U.S. gulf
values, basis Chicago futures, except hard red winter wheat
basis Kansas City. (In cents per bushel)
       Corn (Number three grade)
 April - 23 ov May bid, 26 offered.
 May - 23 ov May bid, 26 offered.
 June - 21 ov Jly bid, 23 offered.
      Soybeans
 L/H April - No bids, 26 ov May offered.
 May - No bids, 25 ov May offered.
 June - No bids, 26 ov Jly offered.
      HRW wheat
 April - No bids, 43 ov May offered.
 May - No bids, 43 ov May offered.
 June - No bids, 45 ov Jly offered.
 July - 35 ov Jly bid, 39 offered.
 August - 35 ov Sep bid, 39 offered.
 September - 36 ov Sep bid, 40 offered.
       SRW wheat
 March - No bids or offers.
 July - 15 ov Jly bid, 19 offered.
 August - 15 ov Sep bid, 19 offered.
 September - 16 ov Sep bid, 23 offered.
 Reuter

U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said President Reagan should have the authority and
responsibility for deciding if and when to award import relief.
    "As the only nationally-elected official in the government,
only the president can weigh all the factors that go into
determining whether or not it is in the national economic
interest to do so," he said in a prepared address to the
University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business.
    Yeutter was commenting on proposed changes in the law which
would transfer to the trade representative much of the current
retaliatory power held by the White House, which has been the
target of congressional dissatisfaction on trade issues.
 Reuter

Dealers said very little business was
done in local oilseeds markets.
    Coconut oil was nominally 18 cents a lb for April/May
shipment, CIF, New York/Gulf, brokers said.
    Crude wet-milled corn oil, FOB, Midwest points, was
nominally 20-3/4 cents a lb for nearby shipment. Based on that
price, dealers said refined corn oil, FOB, New York, was
nominally 27.15 cents a lb.
    Peanut oil remained offered at 24-1/2 cents a lb for nearby
shipment but dealers said market interest was closer to 24
cents.
 Reuter


NYMEX ESTIMATED VOLUMES/APRIL 7 MONTH     CRUDE OIL     HEATING
OIL    UNLEADED GASOLINE
MAY       16,175          3,282               3,215     
JUNE      15,789          2,493               3,449     
JULY       7,175            793               1,358     
AUGUST     2,665            325                 388     
SEPTEMBER  1,403            159                 104     
OCTOBER      136             40                  42     
NOVEMBER     118              3                  19     
DECEMBER     750             86                  33     
JANUARY      170              2               -----     
TOTAL     44,380          7,268               8,693     




AMEX-CONSOLIDATED CLOSING ACTIVES

  806,200 WICKES COS          4 1/8 OFF    1/8
  599,500 WESTERN DIG        25     UP     3/8
  581,700 TEXAS AIR          40 1/8 OFF  2 3/8
  508,700 ALZA CP            37 7/8 UP   2 1/4
  470,300 WANG LAB B         15 1/8 OFF    1/4
  320,500 DOME PETE             7/8 OFF   1/16
  288,500 LORIMAR TELE       18 7/8 UNCH
  287,500 AMDAHL CP          37 1/2 OFF  1 3/8
  263,000 HORN+HARD          13 1/2 OFF    1/2
  240,600 NY TIMES A         45     UP   1 1/4

     ADVANCES   276     DECLINES    319




BARGE TERMINAL DAILY GRAIN PRICES
    Sioux City
    FOR APRIL 7     (DLRS A BU)
 TRUCK DLVD GRAIN PRICES FOR INDICATED AREAS
 MISSISSIPPI RIVER - SOUTHERN IOWA POINTS
 2 YELLOW CORN      1.57-1.58     f/h april
               1.59-1.60     l/h april
 1 YELLOW SOYBEANS  4.98-5.01     f/h april
               5.00-5.02     l/h april
 MISSISSIPPI RIVER - NORTHERN IOWA POINTS
 2 YELLOW CORN      1.50-1.56     f/h april
              1.51-1.57     l/h april
 1 YELLOW SOYBEANS  4.92-4.98     f/h april
              4.94-4.99     l/h april
MISSISSIPPI RIVER - SOUTHERN MINNESOTA POINTS
 2 YELLOW CORN      1.48-1.50     f/h april
              1.50-1.52-1/2 l/h april
 1 YELLOW SOYBEAN   4.89-4.93-1/2 f/h april
              4.94-4.96-1/2 l/h april
 Reuter



The New York Futures Exchange will move
its trading operations to the floor of the New York Cotton
Exchange, NYFE president Lewis J. Horowitz and Cotton Exchange
president Joseph O'Neill announced.
    NYFE will become an affiliate of the Cotton Exchange
through a licensing agreement while remaining a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the New York Stock Exchange.
    NYFE's trading floor and floor support staff will move to
the Cotton Exchange, which is located in the Commodity Exchange
Center at Four World Trade Center. The move should be completed
by the first quarter of next year, a Cotton Exchange
spokeswoman said.
    The plan was approved today by the board of the Cotton
Exchange and previously by the New York Stock Exchange.
    The move will offer traders from both exchanges access to
each other's contracts. Cotton exchange members will have
trading rights to NYFE's New York Stock Exchange composite
index futures and options contracts and its Commodity Research
Bureau Index contract.
    NYFE members will have the opportunity to trade the Cotton
Exchange's U.S. dollar index futures and options contracts and
its European Currency Unit futures contract. They will not have
trading rights to cotton and frozen concentrated orange juice
futures.
 Reuter

Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc is telling
clients getting nervous about the volatile U.S. stock market to
take a look at European and other foreign stock markets.
    "We're still pushing for a fully invested position (in U.S.
stocks) but we also recognize the market is up 40 pct since
September," says Burton Siegel, investment strategist.
    Rein van der Does, director of international research,
admits to being cautious and somewhat confused about certain
developments in the Tokyo market, such as Nippon Telephone
shares trading at 250 times earnings.
    The firm recently dropped its recommendation on Jaguar plc
&lt;JAGRY> following a sharp runup in the shares. About the same
time, says analyst Khaled Abdel Majeed, Drexel issued a buy
recommendation on the West german automaker BMW.
    He says a new plant and new models brighten the outlook for
1987 and 1988. "The company trades in Germany on the parent
company's earnings but on worldwide consolidated earnings, the
multiple is seven or eight, half that of competitors."
    By contrast Jaguar's share price to earnings multiple is
about 12 and Daimler-Benz AG is around 14 or 15.
    Drexel analyst Lucille Palermo recently upgraded
recommendations on some Canadian gold stocks. With no recession
in sight she sees improved physical demand plus new buying
interest from the Middle East. Also, expectation of a higher
inflation rate stimulates demand.
    On the supply side she thinks "people are overlooking the
problems in South Africa."  Palermo says all of this will push
the bullion price to 475 dlrs an ounce by the end of the year.
    Her current buy recommendations are Agnico-Eagle Mines Ltd
&lt;AEAGF>, American Barrick Resources Corp &lt;ABX>, and Echo Bay
Mines Ltd &lt;ECO>.
    Palermo also believes the overall Canadian stock market has
greater potential this year than last. Although the Canadian
dollar has moved up slightly it is below levels of several
years ago. "Canadian exports of all types look relatively cheap
to foreigners - resources, manufactured goods, bonds and
stocks."
    Other European stocks favored by Drexel include Club
Mediterranee &lt;CMI>, Pernod-Ricard, Royal Dutch Petroleum &lt;RD>,
Unilever &lt;UN>, British Petroleum Co plc &lt;BP> and Imperial
Chemical Industries plc &lt;ICI>. Drexel cautions U.S. investors
that foreign dividends may be subject to withholding tax.
 Reuter


CBT 10 YEAR NOTES CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN                  HIGH      LOW
 JUN7 01 27/32H 01 25/32L   102       101 7/16
 SEP7 101                   101 7/32  00 11/16
 DEC7 00 11/32              00 15/32  100
 MAR8     --                    --        --
 JUN8     --                    --        --
 SEP8     --                    --        --
      CLOSE                 SETT      PSETT
 JUN7 01 15/32H 01 14/32L   101 7/16  102 1/16
 SEP7 00 23/32H 00 22/32L   00 11/16  101 5/16
 DEC7 100                   100       100 5/8
 MAR8     --                    --        --
 JUN8     --                    --        --
 SEP8     --                    --        --



slaughter cattle prices rose 0.50 to 1.00
dlr amid good buyer demand and fairly good seller interest, the
usda said.
    steers - mostly choice 2-4 1100-1350 lbs 68.00-69.00 fob
and delivered.
    heifers - mostly choice 2-4 975-1150 lbs 66.00-67.00 fob
and delivered.
 
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
affirmed the  A-minus rating on Supermarkets General Corp's
12.2 mln dlrs of industrial revenue bonds.
    S and P cited the withdrawal by Dart Group of its 1.73
billion dlr bid for Supermarkets General.
    Supermarkets General had been under review for possible
downgrade because of the Dart Group bid. However, S and P
pointed out that Dart is still interested in Supermarkets
General and the possibility exists that another party would try
to acquire the company.
 Reuter


IOM STANDARD AND POORS 500 INDEX CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN           HIGH    LOW
 INDX    --          30364  29669
 JUN7  30320H 30290L 30610  29550
 SEP7  30510H 30500L 30795  29760
 DEC7  30720         31000  29950
 MAR8  31050         31120  30110
      CLOSE          SETT   PSETT
 INDX    --             --   30195
 JUN7  29590L29690H   29640  30405
 SEP7  29780T29870B   29825  30600
 DEC7  29950L30000H   30015  30800
 MAR8  30145A         30145  30930



CLOSE CDT  APRIL 7
        CENTS PER LB    CHANGE
 BELLIES
 12-14  61-1/2          up 1-1/2
 14-16  61-1/2          up 1-1/2
 16-18  57-58-1/2       unch-up 1-1/2
 HAMS
 14-17  74-1/2          no comparison
 17-20  73-73-1/2       unch
 LOINS
 14-18  98-101          unch to up 1
 18-22  100             unch
 Reuter

THE COMMODITY RESEARCHBUREAU FUTURES PRICES INDEX Apr
7  - 212.28 up 1.71  COMPARED WITH 210.2 unch    year ago.
   (BASE 1967 EQUALS 100).
 IMPORTS          311.72  up   4.12
 INDUSTRIES       227.11  up   1.38
 GRAINS           162.80  up   0.82
 OILSEEDS         182.03  up   2.98
 LIVESTOCKS/MEATS 204.40  unch     
 PRECIOUS METALS  334.78  up   5.09
 MISCELLANEOUS    269.98  up   2.68
 ENERGY           163.55  up   1.08
 INTEREST RATES   104.25  off  0.57
 CURRENCY         123.18  up   0.19
 Reuter

boxed beef movement and demand very
good amid light to moderate supplies.
    Estimated gross boxed beef cut-out for tuesday, April 7,
1987, choice 2-3 550-700 lb carcasses up 1.19 at 103.24, 
700-850 lbs up 2.12 at 103.78 and goods 2-3 up 1.15 at 99.75.
    These values based on carlot prices of fabricated beef
cuts, FOB omaha basis and industry yields.
          CH 2-3  CH 2-3  GD 2-3 fab cut trmgs
          550/700 700/850 550/up  loads loads
 tues 4/7  103.24  103.78  99.75   414   113
 mon  4/6  102.05  101.66  98.60    87   12
 tues 3/31 102.42  102.30  98.75   182   45
 FOB OMAHA CHOICE 2-3 550/700 WGT  VALUE  CHANGE  PRICE
 112 RIBEYE LIP ON 11-dn 10.85 dn 7.00  3.20 
 120 BRISKET        6-10  2.89 up 2.00  1.06 
 126 ARM CHUCK   55-82   22.78 up 3.00  0.96 
 167 KNUCKLE       8-11   3.93 up 3.00  1.37 
 168 TOP ROUND    14-20   9.08 up 3.00  1.56 
 170 BOTTOM ROUND 18-25   8.57 unch     1.18 
 180 STRIP LOIN   10-12  11.14 unch     2.85 
 184 TOP BUTT     10-12   6.27 up 1.00  1.85 
 189 TENDERLOIN    5-7    6.94 unch     3.40n
 Reuter


KANSAS CITY DAILY CASH GRAINS-USDA - APRIL 7 
 (IN CENTS PER BUSHEL EXCEPT SORGHUM IN CWT)
 1 Hard red winter wheat
   Ordinary     297-3/4         dn 1/4  
   12 PCT       301-3/4         dn 1/4  
   13 PCT       307-3/4         dn 1/4  
   14 PCT       314-3/4         up 3/4  
 1 Soft red winter wheat
                317-3/4         dn 1-1/4
 2 White Corn   200-220         unch    
 2 Yel Corn     155-1/2-160-1/2 dn 3/4-up 1/4   2 Yel Sorghum 
273-282         up 3        
 1 Yel Soybeans 499-3/4-504-3/4 up 5         
 Reuter



U.S. debt futures closed down and near
daily lows after a choppy session.
    Continued weakness in the dollar pressured the market.
Bearish sentiment prevailed despite remarks made by Federal
Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker that a further large drop in the
dollar could be counterproductive to the world economy.
    New agreements by the G-5 and G-7 nations, which are
meeting this week, on stabilizing currency rates are expected
to have little effect on the market, traders said.
    June T-bonds again failed to take out resistance at
98-16/32 as well as fill a chart gap between 98-25/32 and
99-16/32.
    CBT T-bonds closed 28/32 to 30/32 point lower, T-notes fell
20/32 and muni bonds ended down one point. IMM T-bills ranged
from 7 basis points lower to 2 basis points higher and
Eurodollars closed down 6 to 11 basis points.
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Service Inc said it
downgraded Dayton Hudson Corp's 1.3 billion dlrs of debt.
    The agency cut to Aa-3 from Aa-2 Dayton Hudson's senior
notes, debentures, revenue bonds and Eurodebt, and shelf
registration to Provisional Aa-3 from Provisional Aa-2.
    Moody's said it expected that leverage, which has risen
because of an aggressive expansion program, would remain high
due to the company's spending plans. The agency noted that
Dayton Hudson's operating returns recently declined.
    But Moody's also said the company's recent operating
problems would probably be temporary.
 Reuter

Coca-Cola Bottling Co
Consolidated said it terminated negotiations with the proposed
purchaser of its wholly owned subsidiary headquartered in
Vancouver, B.C.
    The company said it is vigorously continuing its efforts to
sell its Canadian operations, substantially on the terms and
conditions previously announced.
 Reuter


******TEXACO FILES IN TEXAS COURT TO ENJOIN 10.3 BILLION DLR BOND, PENNZOIL ATTORNEY
Blah blah blah.




******ITT STOCK BUYBACK TO INCLUDE COMMON AND PREFERRED SHARES
Blah blah blah.



Japanese crushers bought 5,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for late
May/early June shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter

An investor group including Bessemer
Securities Corp and Cilluffo Associates told the Securities and
Exchange Commission it asked federal antitrust regulators for
advance clearance to hold more than 30 mln dlrs of Intermedics
Inc common stock.
    The group said it currently holds 1.8 mln shares or 17.6
pct of the total outstanding following purchases of 84,300
shares March 18-April 1. A group spokesman would not disclose
the total purchase price of its current holdings.
    The group has said it is accumulating Intermedics stock for
investment purposes.
 Reuter

CLOSE CDT  APRIL 7
        CENTS PER LB   CHANGE
 CHOICE STEERS
 YIELD GRADE 3
 600/700  98-1/2b      no comparison
 700/800  98-1/2b      no comparison
 800/900  98-1/2b      no comparison
 CHOICE HEIFERS
 500/550  87-88        unch
 550/700  97-1/2-98    no comparison
 Reuter


AMEX OPTIONS CLOSING ACTIVES

 13,765 MMI APR 495        3/16  OFF    1/2
  8,958 MMI APR 475      2 11/16 OFF  3 5/16
  8,781 MMI APR 490        5/8   OFF    15/16
  8,039 MMI APR 480      1 5/8   OFF  2 1/4
  6,968 MMI APR 470      4       OFF  4 1/2
  8,074 MMI APR 460P     5 3/4   UP   3 9/16
  5,857 MMI APR 465P     8 1/4   UP   4 7/8
  4,852 MMI APR 470P    11 1/2   UP   6
  4,824 MMI APR 450P     2 1/2   UP   1 11/16
  4,713 MMI APR 455P     3 5/8   UP   2 3/8

       ADVANCES  755    DECLINES1,098



FOR SUPPLIES DELIVERED TO K.C.
 WINTER WHEAT
    1 Hard Red-- Ordinary Protein
                   288-292       dn 1              
    2 Soft Red     292-293       unch-dn 1         
 2 YELLOW CORN     158-160       up 2-unch         
 2 YELLOW SORGHUM  271-282       unch-up 3         
 1 YELLOW SOYBEANS 499-505       up 5              
 Reuter

Brazil has set up a special debt
commission, headed by Finance Minister Dilson Funaro, to be
responsible for renegotiating Brazil's 109 billion dollar
foreign debt, officials said.
    The principal negotiator on the commission, created by
President Jose Sarney, will be former foreign minister Ramiro
Saraiva Guerreiro.
    Officials said Guerreiro would be joined on the commission
by eight senior officials, including a representative of the
National Security Council.
    The creation of the commission is intended to underscore
the Brazilian government's contention that the debt issue is
essentially political and that a political solution must be
found to the problem.
    On February 20 Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68
billion dlr foreign bank debt to try to force the issue.
    Creditor banks, however, have signalled that they are
equally determined to resist Brazil's demands for debt relief.
    Yesterday Funaro travelled to the U.S. for fresh debt
negotiations with creditors deeply angered by Brasilia's
suspension of interest payments.
 Reuter


BRAZIL ADJUST CRUZADO DOWN AGAINST DOLLAR
    NEW RATE 22,840/22,945 PREVIOUS           
    22,690/22,803 EFFECTIVE WEDNESDAY APRIL 8



The International Monetary Fund said
the exchange value of the U.S. dollar against the SDR was
1.28435 compared with 1.28224 yesterday and 1.06584 on July 1,
1974.
    Other currency values against the SDR (July 1, 1974 rates
in parentheses) were:
 Deutsche Mark      2.33983   (3.06809)
 French Franc       7.78573   (5.82126)
 Japanese Yen       186.937   (343.773)
 Pound Sterling     0.792907 (0.505474)
 Australian Dlr     1.81329  (0.809889)
 Aust Schilling     16.4384   (22.0097)
 Belgian Franc      48.4585   (45.9249)
 Canadian Dlr       1.67646   (1.16295)
 Danish Krone       8.82862   (7.23304)
 Ecuadoran Sucre      N/A     (30.1503)
 Indonesian Rupiah  2111.47   (501.291)
 Iranian Rial       92.3000   (81.6734)
 Italian Lira         N/A     (779.746)
 Kuwait Dinar       0.350461 (0.351685)
 Dutch Guilder      2.64062   (3.20316)
 Norwegian Krone    8.75413   (6.59386)
  N/A--not available.
 Saudi Arab Riyal   4.80989  (4.25788)
 S.A. Rand          2.61578   (0.80200)
 Spanish Peseta     163.996   (69.0742)
 Swedish Kronor     8.14920   (5.31489)
 Swiss Franc        1.94130   (3.19548)
 U.A.E. Dirham      4.71485   (4.76057)
 Venezuelan Bolivar   N/A     (5.08749)
    S.A. Rand July 2, Australian Dlr Aug 1, Canadian Dlr July
2, Indonesian Rupiah July 19, Venezuelan Bolivar Aug 27,
Iranian Rial July 22, Saudi Riyal Aug 9, all 1974. Swiss Franc
Sept 16, 1975. N/A--not available
 Reuter


WALL STREET INDICES CLSG-APR 7
 NYSE    HIGH     LOW   CLSG
 Comp    171.64  168.35 168.35 off 2.61
 Inds    208.59  204.39 204.39 off 3.09
 Trans   143.13  140.94 140.94 off 2.08
 Utils    75.77   74.29  74.29 off 1.53
 Finance 158.45  156.46 156.46 off 1.84
 Volume  186,410,000
 Up   504   Down 1,121  Unch 351
 AMEX
 Index   341.64  off  0.59
 Volume   14,224,000
 Up  282  Down  326   Unch 240
 NASDAQ
 Comp    434.01 off  3.77
 Ind     459.53 off  5.46
 Bank    510.34 off  2.13
 Insur   450.11 off  2.52
 OTHER
 Finance 528.78 off  1.67
 Trans   411.72 off  2.17





******TEXACO CONFIRMS IT FILED PETITION FOR RELIEF FROM BOND PROVISIONS IN TEXAS APPEALS COURT
Blah blah blah.



Brazil's financial crisis is rapidly
becoming a political and social crisis, and President Jose
Sarney faces increasingly serious questions about his future.
    As Brazil enters debt talks with creditors in the United
States this week, political analysts say Sarney's
administration has never appeared weaker.
    The full political price which Sarney will have to pay for
the failure of the much-vaunted anti-inflation Cruzado Plan is
still not clear. He might have to pay with the presidency.
    Calls are increasing for direct presidential elections to
pick a successor to Sarney early next year. The length of his
term will be decided by a Constituent Assembly, and Sarney has
been lobbying for a six-year term.
    Sarney came to power, without facing presidential
elections, in March 1985, when the military bowed out after 21
years of rule.
    Although there was wide public support for direct 
elections for president, the military as one of their last
acts, insisted an electoral college, where it felt it had more
influence, make the choice.
    The college chose Tancredo Neves, a popular politician who
headed the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), which
had opposed military rule.
    In part to smooth relations with the military, Neves chose
Sarney, a supporter of the generals, for the purely ceremonial
post of vice-president. But Neves died before he could take
office and Sarney took power.
    He won the grudging support of the PMDB and the Cruzado
Plan was wildly popular with inflation-weary Brazilians.
    But the Cruzado Plan failed and politics in Brazil has not
been the same.
    "The country is a rudderless ship," said a U.S. Diplomat,
echoing a common view that the government lacks any clear idea
of how to tackle the economic crisis.
    Sarney has appeared increasingly isolated, with criticism
coming from the business community, the trade unions, some of
the military, the media and political opponents.
    Many businessmen are unhappy with Sarney's decision
announced on February 20 to suspend interest payments on 68
billion dlrs of foreign debt.
    A motor industry executive said: "The business community
thinks Brazil should go to the IMF. Their rules are sometimes
harsh and strict, but this is the only way to put the house in
order."
    Trade unions generally support the debt moratorium, but
disagree with other aspects of government policy. Since the end
of February they have organized national strikes of seamen,
bankworkers and federal university teachers and countless local
stoppages and protests.
    Economic problems have prompted criticism from some
military figures, including the last army ruler, General Joao
Figueiredo. It is a sign of the times that almost daily
military men deny there is going to be a coup.
    If the army does stay in the barracks, the key arbitors of
Sarney's fate will be the PMDB's leaders. So far, they have not
taken a clear stand on the issue of direct elections.
    But one PMDB leader, Senator Affonso Camargo, pointedly
said yesterday that it was the sovereign right of the
Consituent Assembly to call direct elections for the presidency
whenever it wished.
    In the media, Sarney has to contend with strong criticism.
    One senior political commentator, Fernando Pedreira of the
Jornal do Brasil, wrote in the newspaper last week:
    "President Sarney is ... a man of good intentions, but it
is just possible that he himself is not aware of the true state
of the country and the people since the immense failure of the
Cruzado Plan.
    "The disappointment, the frustration, the irritation, the
enticement have been (and continue to be) too great, too
profound."He called for direct elections early in 1988 as the
only way out of the present crisis.
    One of Sao Paulo's leading news magazines, Senhor, said in
an editorial this week: "The anarcho-populist government of
President Jose Sarney has failed. Two years have already been
too long for such a disastrous experience.
    "It deserves to be buried as quickly as possible. The
natural solution: direct elections soon."
    The government's inability to control inflation is now
bringing with it serious social problems.
    An explosion in rents in Sao Paulo has thrown tens of
thousands of families onto the streets because they can no
longer afford to pay even for a wooden shack in the slums.
    The local press says the city is experiencing the biggest
wave of land invasions in its history.
   According to rental agencies, rents have increased 500 pct
in little more than a year. Even the cheapest shacks now cost
2,000 cruzados (90 dollars) a month, half as much again as the
minimum wage, which is all that many earn.
    Cardinal Paulo Evaristo Arns, the Roman Catholic archbishop
of Sao Paulo, warned yesterday of the possibility of "a social
conflict of unimaginable proportions."
    With his back to the wall politically and with social
tensions rising, Sarney is no position to compromise on debt.
 Reuter

slaughter steers were fully steady and
heifers steady to 0.50 dlr higher in moderate trade, the usda
said.
    Feedlots reported fairly good interest and inquiry from
buying sources.
    Sales on 6,800 steers and 2,400 heifers. week to date
48,900 head.
    steers - good and mostly choice 2-3 1025-1150 lbs
69.50-70.00.
    heifers - good and mostly choice 2-3 925-1025 lbs
68.00-68.50.
 Reuter

American Dynamics Corp and
&lt;Meridian Reserve Inc> said they signed a definitive agreement
under which Meridian will buy 81.9 mln shares, or 51 pct, of
American Dynamics' common stock.
    Under terms of the agreement, Santa Ana, Calif.-based
Meridian said it will pay Columbus-based American Dynamics one
mln dlrs in cash and notes over five years and about 500,000
shares of its common stock.
    Meridian said it has the option to issue an additional
1,500,000 shares of its common over the next two years in
payment of certain of the notes.
    Meridian, an oil and gas company whose operations are
primarily in Oklahoma, said the acquisition will increase its
its consolidated assets to 30 mln dlrs and its contractually
committed gas reserves to more than 40 mln dlrs at discounted
present value.
    American Dynamics is engaged in gas gathering, transmission
and liquids extraction, also in Oklahoma.
    The companies said they have five extracting plants and
about 525 miles of transmission lines in five adjoining
Oklahoma counties.
 Reuter

Erie Lackawanna Inc said Consolidated
Rail Corp filed with the U.S. Supreme Court seeking review of a
Court of Appeals opinion which held Erie as not being liable
for damages allegedly resulting from operations prior to its
emergence from reorganization in 1982.
    The claims are for damages for asbestosis and other
work-related injuries claimed by former employees of the Erie
Lackawanna.
    Erie said it intends to oppose Conrail's request.
 Reuter


USSR EXCHANGE RATES - SOVIET STATE BANK EFFECTIVE APRIL 8, 1987
ROUBLES PER HUNDRED UNLESS STATED U.S.                  63.85  
  (63.60) STG                  103.47    (102.56) BFR (1,000)  
        16.90     (17.01) DMK                   35.06    
(35.43) DFL                   31.00     (31.20) LIT (10,000)   
       4.91      (4.94) CAN                   48.85     (48.79)
DKR                    9.28      (9.32) NKR                   
9.38      (9.34) FFR                   10.52     (10.59) SKR   
               10.06      (UNCH) FIN MRK               14.20   
  (UNCH) SFR                   42.03     (42.33) YEN (1,000)   
        4.37      (4.34) AUS SCH                4.98     
(5.01) AUS DLR               44.77      (UNCH) PAK RUP         
      3.74      (UNCH) IND RUP                5.10      (UNCH)
IRN RYL                0.88      (UNCH) LIB DIN (ONE)         
2.09      (UNCH) MRC DRHM               7.78      (UNCH)



The New York physical coffee market was
lightly traded today, dealers said.
    Indonesian EK-Ones afloat sold for 86.00 cents a lb,
ex-dock New York.
    Colombians sold for 108.50 cents a lb gross, ex-dock New
York, dealers said. The Colombian rebate today was 6.4 cents.
    Mexican prime-washed beans were offered for spot shipment
at 9.0 cents under the May futures, with buyers' ideas at 10.0
cents under, ex-dock. Mexicans were also offered for April/May
shipment at 9.25 cents under the May futures, dealers said.
 Reuter

Texaco Inc made a filing in a Texas
Court of Appeals to enjoin the enforcement of the 10.3 billion
dlr judgement pending appeal, an attorney for Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL>
said.
    "They made the filing in the First Court of Appeals in
Texas," said John Jeffers, an attorney at the Houston law firm
of Baker and Botts representing Pennzoil.
    A Spokesman for Texaco had no immediate comment. Attorneys
representing Texaco were not immediately available.
    The filing follows yesterday's decision by the U.S. Supreme
Court, overturning a lower federal court decision that had cut
Texaco's bond to one billion dlrs. The high court ruled that
the issue should first be considered by Texas state courts.
    Texaco yesterday said it would soon file to prevent
enforcement of the bond, but it was unsure whether it would
make the filing in a District Court, the Court of Appeals or
the Texas Supreme Court.
    Jeffers said Texaco chose the Appeals Court because it
currently has jurisdiction in the case.
    According to Texas state law, Texaco could be forced to
post the full amount of the judgement as a bond. If it failed
to do so, Pennzoil could seek liens on Texaco's assets for the
amount of the judgement.
    Texaco's filing contains a request to cut the amount of the
bond to between one and 1.5 billion dlrs, Jeffers said. Asked
what Pennzoil's thought of that amount, he said, "I don't think
it's enough."
    Pennzoil has repeatedly said it would not seek to force
Texaco to post the full amount of the judgement in the form of
a bond, but has said it would seek other forms of security.
    "We've recognized there are other alternatives to a bond,"
Jeffers, the Pennzoil attorney, said.
    Pennzoil will also have the right to respond to the filing
but Jeffers said he was unsure when the response would be made.
    The dispute between Texaco and Pennzoil stems from the 1984
takeover of Getty Oil Co by Texaco. Pennzoil said the merger
violated a prior agreement it had to buy Getty and sued Texaco.
Since then, Pennzoil's position has twice been upheld by Texas
State Courts. The Judgement now stands at 10.3 billion dlrs,
including interest, and is on appeal.
 Reuter


NYSE CLOSING PRICES 1

 ALLIED SIG      47 3/8
 ALCOA           43 3/4
 AMR CORP        53 1/4
 AMER BRAND      47 3/4
 AMER CAN        49
 AMER ELEC       27 3/4
 ATT             23 3/4
 BETH STL        11 1/4
 BURL NOR        70 1/2
 CAN-PACIF       19
 CHRYSLER        57 1/2
 COLUMB GAS      47 3/4
 COMW ED         34 3/4
 CON ED NY       43
 CONS FRGT       35 1/4
 CONS N-GAS      41 3/8
 DET ED          17 1/4
 DU PONT         119 1/4
 EAST KODAK      78 3/8
 EXXON           88 3/8
 GEN ELEC        108
 GEN MOTORS      82 1/4
 GOODYEAR        59
 HOUS IND        35
 INCO            16 1/2
 NAVISTAR        6 7/8
 INTL PAPER      112 3/8
 MANVILLE        2 5/8
 NIAG MOHWK      16 1/2
 NWA INC         64 3/4
 MINN MIN        133 3/4
 PAC G&amp;E CO      22
 PAN AM CP       4 1/2
 PANHAND PI      32
 PHIL ELEC       21 3/8
 PROCT GAM       95
 PEOPLS EGY      22 1/2
 PSEG            38 7/8
99
99
 SEARS ROE       53 3/4
 SOU CALIF       31
99
 CHEVRON CORP    59 1/2
 TEXACO          33 5/8
99
 TW SERVICES     17 1/8
 UNITED AIR      65 1/2
 UNION CARB      29 5/8
 UNION PAC       77 5/8
 UNITED TEC      51 1/8
 USX CORP        29 3/8
 WEST ELEC       65 3/4
 WOOLWORTH       52 1/8




KANSAS CITY VALUE LINE INDEX CLSG 7-APR
        OPEN              HIGH      LOW
 VLI    --                27380     27100
 JUN   27270L    27280H   27430     26630
 SEP   27200              27320     26540
 DEC   26550              26550     26500
        CLOSE             SETT      PSETT
 VLIC    --                 --       27328
 JUN7   26650L    26670H   26660     27345
 SEP7   26560              26560     27260
 DEC7   26500              26500     27200




U.S. SPOT PRODUCTS--LATE AFTERNOON--APRIL 7 1600 EST
    Spot oil product markets strengthened, with prices for two
oil and gasoline rising in both markets. But ny harbor products
were thinly traded, while there was good buying interest in the
us gulf coast, especially for gasoline, they added.
    brokers said the market does not appear to be anxiously
awaiting this week's api update, because most traders don't
expect the numbers to be significant enough to affect prices.
    traders and refiners were seeking april and may gasoline
supplies in the us gulf this afternoon, brokers said. usg
unleaded rose 0.30 cent over monday, to 51.75 cts. ny harbor
any-April unleaded also rose 0.30 cent, to 52.25 cts.
    usg two oil was 0.20 cent higher, at 47 cts, while nyh two
oil increased 0.40 cent, to 49.40 cts.
 Reuter




NYSE-CONSOLIDATED CLOSING ACTIVES

6,695,600 GCA CP                1/4 UNCH
4,009,700 TEXACO             34     UP     3/8
3,298,700 USX CORP           29 3/8 UP     1/8
2,442,900 BELLSOUTH          38 7/8 OFF    5/8
2,326,700 UNITED AIR         65 3/4 UNCH
2,249,700 GEN MOTORS         82 1/4 UP     3/4
2,090,300 IBM               146 1/2 OFF  2 7/8
1,907,200 FORD MOTOR         88 7/8 OFF  1 1/4
1,778,400 GENCORP           118     UNCH
1,772,500 ATT                23 7/8 OFF    3/8

      ADVANCES    366   DECLINES    944



Manufacturers Hanover Corp said its OFP
Inc unit acquired a Dallas office building through foreclosure.
    The company said it foreclosed on the Allied Bank Tower, a
1.2 mln-square-feet office building at One Fountain Place,
Dallas.
 Reuter

Qtrly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay April 28
    Record April 20
 Reuter

ITT Corp said its board authorized the
repurchase of up to 10 mln shares of its common and preferred
stock as market conditions warrant.
    The company said the repurchased shares will be held as
treasury shares.
    An ITT spokesman said the board approved the proposed stock
buy back as part of its program to enhance shareholder value
and increase ITT's per-share earnings.
    He said ITT would fund the purchases with a portion of the
1.3 billion dlrs in cash it received from selling a majority
interest in its telecommunications operations to &lt;Compagnie
Generale d'Electricite> of France.
 Reuter

Southern Union Co said it filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement
covering a 50 mln dlr offering of 10-year notes and a
same-sized issue of 30-year debentures.
    Proceeds will be used to redeem three outstanding debenture
issues and repay two outstanding note issues.
    The company named Goldman, Sachs and Co as sole manager of
the note and debenture offerings.
 Reuter

Shr 81 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 40,453,000 vs 11,833,000
    Sales 267.1 mln vs 127.0 mln
    Avg shrs 50,226,000 vs 48,337,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr 2.07 dlrs vs 38 cts
    Net 102,564,000 vs 18,127,000
    Sales 708.0 mln vs 318.3 mln
    Avg shrs 49,573,000 vs 48,024,000
 Reuter

Spartech Corp said shareholders at the
annual meeting approved a reverse stock split of the common
stock, on a one-for-five basis.
    The company said the split was necessary in preparation for
an offering of 25 mln dlrs in convertible subordinated
debentures, expected to be made soon through Kidder, Peabody
and Co.
    It said the new common stock will begin trading April 8
under the symbol "SPTNd."
    Separately, Spartech said its board appointed Bradley
Buechler as president, filling a vacancy.
    It said Lawrence Powers remains as chairman.
    Buechler, prior to his promotion, was executive vice
president and chief operating officer. He will retain his
duties as chief operating officer.
 Reuter

Shr primary profit two cts vs loss nine cts
    Shr diluted profit one cent vs loss six cts
    Net profit 17,156 vs loss 89,594
    Revs 2,360,220 vs 3,208,802
    Avg shrs 870,000 vs 1,026,627
    NOTE: full name of company is People Ridesharing Systems
Inc.
 Reuter

Prices closed lower in active trading
on the New York Stock Exchange.
    The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 44.60 to 2360.94
    The NYSE Index fell 2.61 to 168.35
    Declines led advances 1121 to 504
    The average share price was 67 cts lower.
    Volume was 186,410,000 shares compared to 173,720,000
yesterday.
   
 Reuter

Shr profit eight cts vs loss 1.84 dlrs
    Net profit 785,000 vs loss 4,279,000
    Revs 10.4 mln vs 8,464,000
    Avg shrs 9,649,000 vs 2,664,000
    Six Mths
    Shr loss nine cts vs loss 4.09 dlrs
    Net loss 262,000 vs loss 9,689,000
    Revs 19.2 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,874,000 vs 2,660,000
 Reuter


CBOT MAJOR MARKET INDEX CLSG 7-APR
      OPEN               HIGH     LOW
INDX  34052              34052    33668
      CLOSE              SETT     P SETT
INDX  34052              34052    33668




NYFE COMPOSITE INDEX FUTURES CLSG 7-APR
        OPEN                  HIGH      LOW
 JUN   17175H    17155L      17320     16740
 SEP   17280H    17280L      17435     16880
 DEC   17415A         B      17545     17210
        CLOSE                 SETT      PSETT
 JUN7   16780H    16760L      16770     17230
 SEP7   16880H    16880L      16885     17345
 DEC7    --  B         A      16995     17455



Over-investment and over-production are
at the root of many of the difficult trade issues that have
soured relations between the United States and some of its
major trading partners, trade representative Clayton Yeutter
said.
    He told a conference, held by the University of Chicago's
Graduate Business School, that much of this was caused by
governments "getting their finger in the pot."
    Yeutter referred specifically to the problems of
agricultural trade, where subsidized exports have been a point
of contention most notably between the United States and the
European Community.
    "Think of the vast waste of financial and other resources,"
he said.
    Yeutter said much of the problem underlying the dispute
with Japan over semiconductors was due to overproduction.
    The trade representative called for a long-term approach to
international trade and said the recent commitment to a
free-trade agreement between the United States and Canada was a
step in the right direction.
    There's a lot of work to be done in the next six months,
but we have set October 1 as a target date for an agreement to
be reached, he added.
    "We're trying to create an environment that will facilitate
and foster free and open trade in the world," he said.
 Reuter


 N.Y. MONEY CLOSING -APR 07
 TREASURY BILLS
  90  days 5.55-5.54 pct
 180 days  5.70-5.69 pct
 360 days  5.80-5.79 pct
 PRIMARY CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT
 30-59   days 5.95
 60-119  days 6.00
 120-269 days 6.08
 270-359 days 6.15
 360-390 days 6.20
 COMMERCIAL PAPER THROUGH DEALERS
 30-59  days  6.22
 60-89  days  6.22
 90-179 days  6.22
 COMMERCIAL PAPER PLACED DIRECTLY
 30-59   days 6.16
 60-89   days 6.15
 90-119  days 6.12
 120-179 days 6.05
 180-239 days 6.02
 240-270 days 6.02
 BANKERS ACCEPTANCES (TOP NAME DEALERS BIDS)
 30-59   days 6.16
 60-89   days 6.16
 90-119  days 6.16
 120-149 days 6.15
 150-179 days 6.15
 180-209 days 6.14
 BANKERS ACCEPTANCES (BANKS BIDS/ASK)
 30-59   days 6.17/6.07
 60-89   days 6.17/6.07
 90-119  days 6.17/6.07
 120-149 days 6.17/6.07
 150-179 days 6.17/6.07
 180-    days 6.17/6.07
 FEDERAL FUNDS AT 1700 EDT 6-1/4
 High 6-1/4       Low  6-1/16
 Prime Rate       07.75
 Broker Loan Rate 07.50-07.25
 MOODY'S YIELD FIGURES
 AAA Corp       8.53
 AAA Utilities  8.45
 AA  Rails      8.59
     




N.Y. SUGAR FREIGHTS - April 7
    Nil
 reuter



Brokers reported the following
domestic prices for Brazilian soybean and products (byr/slr
unless stated) -
                TODAY            PREV
    Soybean (cruzados per 60-kilo bag)
    P.Grossa    196.00 B         unch
    Interior
    R.Grande
    Do Sul      175.00 T         185.00 T
                TODAY            PREV
    Soybean Pellets (cruzados per kilo)
    Parana      3.70 S           unch
    Paranagua   3.65 B           3.50 B
    Soybean Oil (cruzados per kilo, inc 12 pct sales tax,
immediate deliv, 30 days pymt)
    Sao Paulo   8.65/8.80        unch
 REUTER

Terrace Bank of Florida said it is selling
500,000 shares of stock at 10.50 dlrs per share in its initial
offering.
    The organizers of the bank plan to purchase 81,000 of those
shares, which will have a par value of five dlrs.
    Individual investors may purchase as few as 100 shares of
the stock, the bank said. The offering is slated to end by May
15, but could be extended, it said.
 Reuter

An investor group led by Dart
Container Corp, a Sarasota, Fla., plastic utensil maker, told
the Securities and Exchange Commission it raised its stake in
Texstyrene Corp to 420,500 common shares or 11.7 of the total
outstanding.
    The group said it bought the shares for investment and
intends to continue to buy Texstyrene stock in the future.
    The group said its most recent purchases included 106,000
shares bought March 10-31 in ordinary brokerage transactions.
 Reuter

The dollar ended with modest net losses
against most major currencies as the market conducted a final
round of position-squaring ahead of tomorrow's crucial Group of
Five and Group of Seven meetings, dealers said.
    "The dollar was trendless today. People are waiting to see
if anything new comes from the meetings tomorrow and will then
take it from there," said one dealer at a top European bank.
    As a result, generally supportive comments by Federal
Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance Minister
Kiichi Miyazawa went largely unheeded.
    The dollar closed at 145.60/70 yen, down from 145.85/90.
    However, the dollar's yen closing level was comfortably
above its overseas low of just under 145 yen. Against the mark,
the dollar finished at 1.8270/80 marks after falling to 1.8180
in Europe and ending at 1.8260/70 here yesterday.
    In Congressional testimony this morning, Fed Chairman Paul
Volcker harped on his long-held fears about the potentially
catastrophic fallout from a sharp dollar decline.
    He also said the dollar's fall, thus far, should be "large
enough, in a context of a growing world economy and fiscal
restraint in the U.S., to support widespread expectations of a
narrowing in the real trade deficit in the period ahead."
    The market impact of Volcker's comments was minimal. "It
was the same old story. Volcker was just fulfilling his role as
a defender of the currency," said one trader.
    The market was similarly dismissive of Japanese Finance
Minister Kiichi Miyazawa's upbeat appraisal of his hour-long
conversation with U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker this
afternoon.
    Miyazawa said that they both agreed on the need for
currency stabilization and that he was satisfied with the role
the U.S. has played in coordinated international efforts to
prop up the dollar since the late February Paris agreement.
    "Miyazawa can talk until he's blue in the face. The only
person who will make a difference is Baker," said Alan Rose of
First Interstate Bank in Los Angeles.
    "The key question for the currency market is whether the
(Reagan) administration will have a change of view on the
dollar. If not, the dollar is going lower," he added.
    The dollar's recent tumble to a 40-year low of 144.70 yen
was linked to the market's perception that Washington was
unhappy with the rate of adjustment of world trade imbalances
and that a continued orderly dollar decline was the least
disruptive way of accelerating the process.
    While most analysts do not expect any marked change of
attitude in Washington, they were reluctant to open any fresh
positions until later in the week.
    "We are reserving judgement for the time being," said Doug
Madison of Commerzbank Ag.
    The tranquility of the dollar market spread to sterling
trading today. The pound ended unchanged against the dollar at
1.6175/85 and edged up to 2.957 marks from 2.955 yesterday.
    However, underyling sentiment remains positive after a U.K.
opinion poll gave the ruling Conservative party its highest
popularity rating since it was re-elected in 1983.
    "Sterling still seems to be on the firm side," said one
dealer.
    The Canadian currency also retained a generally stronger
tone, rising to 1.3055/60 to its U.S. counterpart from
1.3080/85 yesterday.
    According to figures provided by Morgan Guaranty Trust Co,
the dollar's trade-weighted value at midday was 5.7 pct below
average market rates in 1980-82, compared with 5.5 pct
yesterday.
 Reuter

Standard and Poor's Corp said it
downgraded RepublicBank Corp's 550 mln dlrs of debt.
    Cut were the firm's senior debt to BBB-plus from A,
subordinated debt to BBB from A-minus and preferred stock to
BB-plus from BBB. Its A-2 commercial paper was maintained.
    S and P said the action reflected a heightened risk profile
for RepublicBank because of its proposed acquisition of
InterFirst Corp &lt;IFC>. However, the agency pointed out that the
merger is a unique opportunity for RepublicBank to expand its
already strong market position. InterFirst will remain on
creditwatch until the transaction is closed, S and P said.
 Reuter

Buffton Corp said it will    
conduct an investigation on a plant designated as a Superfund
Site, which will result in a charge of about six cts per share
in its second quarter.
    In the year ago second quarter, Buffton reported net income
of 10 cts a share or 330,000 dlrs on sales of 10.3 mln dlrs.
     The study should be completed in nine months and will
determine any clean-up or remedial action that may be required.
Robintech Inc, the plant's former owner, will split the cost.
Buffton said its share will cost 400,000 dlrs.
 Reuter


PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE CLOSING ACTIVES
    355,600, TEXACO, 34, UP 3/8
    285,300, TEXAS AIR CORP PR I, 9-7/8, UP 1/8
    221,200, GOLD STANDARD, 1-7/8, OFF 1/4
    159,900, TEXAS AIR CORP PR G, 30-5/8, DOWN 1-1/2
    131,500, ATT, 23-7/8, OFF 3/8
    120,300, BETHLEHEM STEEL, 11-1/4, UNCHGED
    110,800, CALIFORNIA FEDERAL, 35-3/8, OFF 1/8
    105,400, PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC, 22-1/8, OFF 1/4
    81,300, GENERAL MOTORS, 82-1/4, UP 3/8
    76,000, BANKAMERICA, 12-1/8, UP 1/4
    ---
    VOLUME - 9,147,000
    ---
    AFTER NEW YORK - 370,100
 Reuter



U.S. trade reprepresentative Clayton Yeutter said
that if Congress were to require trade retaliation, it would
only close markets and would result in less trade.
    Many Congressional proposals do not appear to be overtly
protectionist, yet their undeniable effect would be to close
off market opportunitites, just as exchange rate movement is
unleashing such opportunities for the first time in several
years, he said in remarks prepared for an address to members of
the University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business.
    CHICAGO - The rally in soybean prices may prompt farmers to
plant more soybean acres than the USDA projected in last week's
acreage report, especially if new crop futures stay above the
psychologically important 5.00 dlr a bushel mark, traders and
analysts said.
    NEW YORK - Magma Copper Co, a subsidiary of Newmont Mining
Corp, said it is lowering its copper cathode price by 0.50 cent
to 65.50 cents a lb, effective immediately.
    LONDON - Brazil is likely to adopt a conservative coffee
sales policy given the absence of International Coffee
Organization export quotas, at least until October this year,
according to the latest monthly coffee report from London trade
house E.D. and F. Man.
    LONDON - Delegates to this week's quarterly session of the
International Tin Council expect Indonesia to vote for an
extension of the sixth International Tin Agreement.
    HAVANA - Cuban president Fidel Castro told a congress of
the union of young communists here that the production of crude
sugar during the harvest still in progress is 800,000 tonnes
behind schedule.
    In a speech Sunday, published in today's official paper
Granma, Castro said unseasonable rains since January seriously
interrupted harvesting and milling operations, especially in
the central and western parts of the island.
 Reuter

slaughter cattle steady to firm,
instances up 0.50 dlr, in moderate trade amid good demand, usda
said.
    sales confirmed on 3,100 steers and 3,700 heifers. week to
date 27,100 head.
    steers - mostly choice 2-3 1150-1175 lbs 69.75-70.00.
    heifers - mostly choice 2-3 950-1050 lbs 68.50-68.75.

 Reuter


TSE 300 16:15:00   3871.00   OFF10.20
VOLUME            39,746,547




TORONTO ACTIVE OILS 7-APR-87 16:15:03
VOLUME     COMPANY       LAST      CHANGE
367161  WHARF RES        5 5/8   UP      3/8
310300  SCARBORO      0.10 1/2   OFF   0.010
284900  PENANT RES       0.400   UP    0.040
239115  PLEXUS RES       4.250   OFF   0.550
237420  POCO PETE       16 1/4   UP      1/8
229775  DRUMMOND         0.320   UP    0.020
170751  ENCOR ENERGY     7 3/8   UP      1/8
169700  ASMRA INC       14 5/8   UP      3/8
164518  ULSTER PETE      2.650   UP    0.100
133400  NRTHLND OIL      0.230   UNCH




DAILY PORTLAND GRAIN EXPORT PRICES - APRIL 7 
 Exporter offers for June shipment
    FOB ship in cents per bushel.
 NO 2 OR BETTER SWW WHEAT 295     dn 3    
 NO 2 OR BETTER WWW WHEAT 297     dn 3    
 NO 2 OR BETTER HRW WHEAT 316     up 1    
 NO 2 OR BETTER DNS WHEAT 358     up 2    
 NO 2 BARLEY              209     unch    
 NO 2 YELLOW CORN         199-3/4 up 1    
 Reuter



quoted in cents per lb versus nearby
CBT soyoil contracts.
    Crude degummed soybean oil NOLA - April offered 0.40 over,
bid 0.10 over. May offered 0.45 over, bid 0.25 over. June
offered 0.50 over, bid 0.40 over. July through September
offered 0.60 over, bid 0.50 over.
    Sunflowerseed oil - May through September offered 0.95
over, bid 0.75 over.
    PBSY Cottonseed oil - April/May offered 4.25 over, bid 3.60
over. June offered 4.50 over, bid 3.75 over. July through
September offered 4.75 over, bid 4.00 over.
 Reuter


 MONTREAL INDICES CLOSING-APR 7
 Industrials  1,563.99 off 1.17
 Utilities    1,623.60 up  0.11
 Banks        1,642.74 off 1.13
 Portfolio    1,922.51 off 0.65
 VOLUME  12,455,102
 




TORONTO EXCHANGES CLOSING APR 7
 Stg         2.1120/30
 US dlr      1.3055/60
 One mth     07-09 prem
 Two mths    13-16 prem
 Three mths  17-20 prem
 Dmk         71.42/52
 Yen         89.78/88

   



An estimated 109 high fructose corn
syrup futures contracts traded today in the contract's second
day of trading at the Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGE), an
exchange spokesman said.
    Trading was down from yesterday's 137 contracts. Open
interest yesterday totaled 42, the spokesman said.
    July HFCS futures closed at 12.70 dlrs per cwt, up 50 cents
from its open of 12.20 dlrs. September closed at 12.35 dlrs, up
55, and December settled at 11.70 dlrs with no trades, up 20
cents from yesterday's close, the source said.

 Reuter

Italy's state-owned Ente Nazionale
Idrocarburi (ENI) will invest 197 mln dlrs in two joint
ventures in coal and petrochemicals with Petroleos de
Venezuela, S.A, ENI president Franco Reviglio said.
    Speaking at a news conference, Reviglio said the two
projects will eventually bring in some 300 mln dlrs annually in
foreign exchange to Venezuela and help diversify the country's
export base. "Joint ventures are the principal instrument for
allowing the resources of the industrialized countries to be
channeled to the developing world so as to lead future growth
for both," Reviglio said.
    ENI's subsidiary Ecofuel will join Pequiven, the
petrochemical subsidiary of PDVSA in building a 160 mln dlr
plant to produce mtbe, a gasoline additive used to increase
octane levels.
    The 500,000 mt per year plant will be constructed at Jose
in eastern Venezuela, and fed by butane produced at PDVSA's
eastern cryogenic complex. ENI owns 48 pct of the joint venture
company, Super Octanos, C.A., while Pequiven has 49 pct, with
the remaining three pct to be sold to private investors.
    Production is set to begin in third quarter 1989. Ecofuel
officials said the plant is modeled after one in Saudi Arabia.
    Another ENI subsidiary, Agip Carbone, will sign a letter of
intent in Caracas tomorrow to enter a partnership with PDVSA to
mine the coal deposits at guasare in western zulia state, he
said.
    Feasibility studies are still being done on the carbozulia
project, with a definitive accord slated for august, he added.
    Agip carbone and atlantic richfield coal, an arco
subsidiary have formed a consortium which will own 48 pct of
the carbozulia project, whose total cost is estimated at 500
mln dlrs, the company said. Agip carbone will invest 24 pct, or
120 mln dlrs, in the project, it said.
 Reuter

slaughter cattle steady in slow trade
amid moderate demand, the usda said.
    sales confirmed on 400 steers and 1,100 heifers. week to
date 2,700 head.
    steers - choice with end good 2-3 1075-1100 lbs 69.25.
    heifers - choice with end good 2-3 975-1025 lbs
67.00-68.00.

 Reuter

RepublicBank Corp said it has placed
182.6 mln dlrs of all intermediate and term loans to Brazil on
a non-accrual basis as of March 31.
    It said the reclassification will reduce first quarter
earnings by 2.8 mln dlrs after taxes, and 11 mln dlrs after
taxes for all of 1987, if Brazil does not change its position
of a moratorium on interest payments.
    RepublicBank also said its net income for the first quarter
is expected to be about 10.4 mln dlrs or 30 cts a share on a
fully diluted basis. In the year-ago first quarter the company
earned 23.1 mln dlrs or 75 cts a share.
    The company also said its first quarter results are
expected to include a provision for loan losses of 55 mln dlrs,
about 20 mln dlrs over net loan-charge-offs of about 35 mln
dlrs. It said the provision will increase loan losses to about
328 mln dlrs or 2.2 pct of loans.
    RepublicBank, with total assets of about 21 billion dlrs,
announced in December an agreement with InterFirst Corp &lt;IFC>
to form First RepublicBank Corp. If the merger is approved by
regulatory agencies and stockholders, it would create the 12th
largest bank holding company in the United States.
 Reuter


N.Y. GRAIN FREIGHTS - April 7
    Yukong took Nichiku Maru 52,000 tonnes North Pacific to
Japan April-May dates 9.75 dlrs 11 days all purposes
    Peavey took Maria Sitinas 26,000 tonnes U.S. Gulf to Puerto
Cabello and Guanta prompt 15.25 dlrs four days load 1,500
discharge Puerto Cabello 1,000 Guanta
    Portline took Sky Crest 35,000 tonnes U.S. Gulf to Lisbon
spot 15.25 dlrs 7,000 load 5,000 discharge
    Feruzzi took Alecos M. 31,000 tonnes barley Rouen
completing Le Havre to Jeddah 15.35 dlrs 5,000 load 3,000
discharge
    Chinese charterers took Patricia VI 25,000 tonnes River
Plate completing Buenos Aires or Bahia Blanca to China April
dates 29.00 dlrs Buenos Aires or Bahia Blanca only 28.00 dlrs
2,500 load 3,000 discharge
    Comanav took Sea Song 30,000 tonnes U.S. Gulf to Morocco
April-May dates 13.50 dlrs one-to-one option 14.50 dlrs
one-to-two 5,000 load 5,000 discharge
 reuter




RICHMOND CASH GRAIN
 no2 red winter wheat 271-281 new crop 253-258
 no2 yellow corn      158-183
 no1 white corn       233
 no1 soybeans         470-495
 no2 barley           new crop 115
 Reuter



U.S. power companies generated a net
47.68 billion kilowatt-hours of electrical energy in the week
ended April four, up 11.1 pct from 42.91 billion a year
earlier, the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) said.
    In its weekly report on electric output, the electric
utility trade association said electric output in the week
ended March 28 was 45.56 billion kilowatt-hours.
    The EEI said power production in the 52 weeks ended April
four was 2,563.61 billion kilowatt hours, up 2.4 pct from the
year-ago period.
    Electric output so far this year was 695.50 billion
kilowatt hours, up 2.8 pct from 676.58 billion last year, the
EEI said.
 Reuter


******ITT CORP TO REDEEM THREE SERIES OF PREFERRED STOCK
Blah blah blah.



U.S. energy futures posted modest gains
because of a supply squeeze in physical North Sea Brent crude
oil
and escalation of the Iran/Iraq war, traders and analysts said.
    May crude closed 17 cts higher to 18.84 dlrs.
    "Energy futures were led by the 15-day forward Brent Crude
market in Europe, said Robert Murphy, account executive at E.F.
Hutton and Company Inc, adding, "crude futures could jump above
19 dlrs a barrel but will not remain there long if products are
not strong," he added.
    April Brent rose as high as 19.57 dlrs a barrel today.
    Traders said reports that Iran opened a new southern front
and Iraq attacked Iranian oil fields were also supportive.
    Murphy said tonight's American Petroleum Institute report
will need to show drawdowns in gasoline and distillate of two
to four mln barrels each to support firmer crude prices.
    "There is a lot of gasoline around," Murphy said.
    Following crude futures, May gasoline closed 0.33 cent
higher at 53.27 cts a gallon after trading 8,700 contracts. May
heating oil traded only 7,200 contracts and was up 0.45 cent at
49.24 cts.
 Reuter

Closing prices on the Bahia Cocoa
Futures Market were as follows (in cruzados per 60 kilo bag
delivered Ilheus/Itabuna with previous in brackets) -
    May       2,560  (2,560)  volume 23 lots
    July      3,248  (3,248)  volume nil
    September 3,865  (3,772)  volume 23 lots
    December  5,084  (5,000)  volume nil
    Contract in 50 bags
 REUTER


ST LOUIS GRAIN PRICES
 no2 soft red winter wheat   285-289
 NO2 YELLOW CORN             163-164
 No1 Yellow Soybeans         505-509
 Reuter



Canadian bonds extended mild losses from
early activity to close up to 3/4 of a point lower in moderate
trading, dealers said.
    The decline reflected investor concern about economic
trends, coupled with the sharp afternoon downturn in U.S. bond
markets on firm oil prices and the uncertain outlook for the
U.S. dollar, traders said.
    The benchmark Canada 9-1/2 pct of 2001, off 1/8 in early
trading, closed behind 5/8 at 105-3/4 7/8, while the 8-1/2 pct
of 2011 lost 3/4 from last night to 96-5/8 7/8.
 Reuter


N.Y. COFFEE PHYSICALS SPOT - April 7
    EX-DOCK, NY CENTS PER LB UNLESS INDICATED
 SANTOS NO. 4,                              UNQ
 PARANA NO. 4,                              UNQ
 COLOMBIAN MAMS gross                   108.50N
 EL SALVADOR, past crop, ex-New York    103.00N
 MEXICAN, Prime Washed new crop Laredo   95.25N
 GUATEMALA, extra prime ex-Miami        103.00N
 UGANDAN FAQ                                UNQ
 ETHIOPIAN DJIMMAS                       98.68N
 INDONESIAN EK-ONES                      86.00N
 ECUADORAN, 3 PCTS, ex-New Orleans       94.50N
 PERU, natural past crop                 84.00N
 Reuter




CBT GINNIE MAE CDR CLSG 7-APR
     OPEN                  HIGH      LOW
 JUN7    --                105       105
 SEP7    --                    --        --
 DEC7    --                    --        --
 MAR8    --                    --        --
 SEP8    --                    --        --
 DEC8    --                    --        --
 MAR9    --                    --        --
 JUN9    --                    --        --
 SEP9    --                    --        --
     CLOSE                 SETT      PSETT
 JUN7     --                105       05 26/32
 SEP7     --                    --        --
 DEC7     --                    --        --
 MAR8     --                    --        --
 SEP8     --                    --        --
 DEC8     --                    --        --
 MAR9     --                    --        --
 JUN9     --                    --        --
 SEP9     --                    --        --




 N.Y. FOREIGN EXCH CLOSING-APR 7
 Stg       1.6175/85
 Bfr Com   37.83/85
 Can       1.3055/60
 Ffr       6.0780/10
 Lit       1301.00/1302.00
 Dfl       2.0615/25
 Sfr       1.5145/55
 Dmk       1.8270/80
 Yen       145.60/70
 Aus Sch   12.82/83
 Dkr       6.8825/75
 Nkr       6.8175/25
 Port      141.20/40
 Skr       6.3525/75
 Bfr Fin   37.85/90
 Spain     127.90/128.00
 Mexico    1131/1134
 Stg one   52-50   disc two  91-89  disc
 three     131-129 disc six 226-221 disc
 twelve    404-394 disc
 Can one   07-09  prem  two 13-16   prem
 three     17-20  prem  six 35-40   prem
 twelve    70-85  prem
 
                 
 Reuter



The Senate approved legislation to
extend until March 31, 1988 the date for the National
Commission on Dairy Policy to report on the federal milk price
support program and the dairy industry.
    The report is to recommend whether the Agriculture
Department should have continued authority to reduce the milk
price support level.
    The one year extension was required due to delays in
setting up the commission.             
 Reuter

The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) has established these unit values
for commodities offered from government stocks through
redemption of Commodity Credit Corporation commodity
certificates, effective through the next business day.    
Price per bushel is in U.S. dollars. Sorghum is priced per CWT,
corn yellow grade only.
    WHEAT       HRW   HRS   SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Chicago        ---   3.03  3.24   ---   --- 
 Ill. Track     ---   ---   2.99   ---   --- 
 Toledo         ---   3.03  3.04   2.99  --- 
 Memphis        ---   ---   3.07   ---   --- 
 Peoria         ---   ---   2.96   ---   --- 
               HRW    HRS   SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Denver        2.65   2.66  ---   ---   --- 
 Evansville    ---    ---   3.01  ---   --- 
 Cincinnati    ---    ---   2.99  ---   --- 
 Minneapolis   2.70   2.70  ---   ---   3.80
 Baltimore/
 Norf./Phil.   ---    ---   3.07  2.92  --- 
 Kansas City   2.98   ---   3.18  ---   --- 
 St. Louis     2.90   ---   2.90  ---   --- 
 Amarillo/
 Lubbock       2.64   ---   ---   ---   --- 
               HRW    HRS   SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Lou. Gulf     ---    ---   3.17  ---   ---
 Portland/
 Seattle       3.11   3.12  ---   3.00  3.80
 Stockton      2.71   ---   ---   ---   ---
 L.A.          3.19   ---   ---   ---   4.20
 Duluth        2.70   2.70  ---   ---   3.80
 Tex. Gulf     3.14   ---   3.17  ---   ---
            CORN  BRLY  OATS  RYE   SOYB  SORG
 Chicago    1.55   ---  ---   ---   5.01  2.63
 Ill Track  1.58  2.04  ---   ---   5.06  2.70
 Toledo     1.55  2.04  1.55  ---   5.04  2.63
 Memphis    1.64  1.95  1.76  ---   5.12  2.74
 Peoria     1.59  ---   ---   ---   5.01  2.76
 Denver     1.66  1.66  ---   ---   ---   2.76
 Evnsvlle   1.63  2.04  1.55  2.02  5.07  2.77
 Cinci      1.60  2.04  1.55  2.04  5.06  2.72
 Mpls       1.49  1.75  1.55  1.70  4.92  ---
 Balt/Nor/
 Phil       1.77  1.80   ---   ---   5.24 3.04
            CORN  BRLY   OATS  RYE   SOYB  SORG
 KC         1.55  1.66   1.70  ---   4.94  2.71
 St.Lo      1.62  ---    1.71  ---   5.07  2.89
 Amarlo/
 Lubbck     1.89 1.52    ---   ---   4.90  3.17
 Lou Gulf   1.81 ---     ---   ---   5.29  3.26
 Port/
 Seattle    1.96 2.11    1.55  ---   ---   ---
 Stockton   2.30 2.26    1.94  ---   ---   3.95
 LA         2.67 2.43     ---  ---   ---   4.58
 Duluth     1.49 1.75    1.55  1.70  4.92  ---
 Tex Gulf   1.79 1.54    1.87  ---   5.29  3.22
 Reuter

ISRAEL INTRODUCES SUMMER TIME.


TORONTO ACTIVE MINES 7-APR-87  16:15:01
VOLUME     COMPANY     LAST      CHANGE
547330   NORANDA INC       32  OFF      1/8
419800   EQUITY MN     12 3/8  UP     1 1/4
342745   HEMLO GOLD    27 1/4  UP       7/8
308700   TOTAL ERICK    5 1/2  UP     0.850
288300   NOVA BEAUG     0.470  UNCH
264138   DOME MINES    16 3/4  OFF      1/4
237000   ATLAS YELLOW0.23 1/2  UP  0.00 1/2
192980   LACANA MN     18 1/2  UP     1 3/8
175425   N S R RES      0.590  UP     0.100
172336   PLACER DVEL   47 1/4  UP     1 1/2




TORONTO ACTIVE INDUSTRIALS 7-APR-87  16:15:02
VOLUME      COMPANY      LAST      CHANGE
533043    CAN PAC LTD   24 3/4  OFF     1/4
526256    SYNGOLD EXPL   4.700  UP    0.350
480805    B.C.FOREST    20 3/4  UNCH
433945    CONTL BANK    17 3/8  UP      1/8
408683    FALCB LTD     19 3/4  OFF     1/8
401760    NOVA ALB A     9 1/8  OFF     1/8
386889    CARMA LTD CL   0.150  OFF   0.010
381667    MVP CAP CORP   2.250  UP    0.120
375400    SILVERSIDE R   2.000  UP    0.150
352530    INCO LTD      21 5/8  OFF     1/8



Winnipeg oilseed futures closed higher
in sympathy with strength in the Chicago soybean complex, with
grains mixed in quiet trade.
    Rapeseed futures ended with gains of 2.60 to 3.30 dlrs per
tonne, with flaxseed up 4.90 to 4.00 dlrs. Commission house and
commercial short-covering overcame moderate elevator house
hedge selling in both oilseeds, traders said. Continued
Japanese crusher export buying added support to rapeseed, with
locals net buyers in flaxseed.
    Rye finished unchanged to up 0.10 dlr, with feed grains
ranging from down 0.60 dlr in May wheat to up 0.30 in new
December barley. Strength in new crop Chicago corn futures kept
deferreds here strong relative to nearbys. May and July oats
again set new contract lows.
 Reuter


N.Y. COFFEE PHYSICALS SHIPMENTS - April 7
    (ex-dock NY, cents per lb unless stated)
 Santos No. 4 May                        96.00N
 Parana No. 4 Feb                           UNQ
 Victoria No. 5                             UNQ
 Colombian MAMs, April/May gross        108.50N
 El Salvador, Standards, April          103.00N
 Mexican P. Washed new crop, April/May   95.00N
 Guatemalan prime washed new crop       103.00N
 Peruvian, May                           86.00N
 Ugandan FAQ,                               UNQ
 Indonesian EK-ones, April/May           86.00N
 Ecuador Three Pcts                      80.00N
 Reuter



Enro Holding Corp said it acquired Enro
Shirt Co and Foxcroft Ltd from Wilson Bros for 30 mln dlrs.
     Enro Holding is owned 50 pct by investors and 50 pct by
management and others. The investor group bought 50 pct of the
common equity and supplied five mln dlrs in mezzanine
financing. Management bought the other 50 pct. Congress
Financial Group supplied 28 mln dlrs in senior financing and
the seller took back a note for 12.1 mln dlrs.
    Enro Shirt has annual sales of about 42 mln dlrs and
Foxcroft has sales of about 13 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

Data General Corp president Edson de
Castro said the general outlook for his company and for the
industry shows "little fundamental improvement."
    Citing the computer industry's dependence on capital
investments, de Castro termed the environment "lackluster" and
declined to predict the timing of a possible upturn.
    Data General is "taking its show on the road" to educate
its customers and targeted prospects, de Castro told a press
briefing initiating a three-day exposition here of Data
General's computer systems' capabilities.
    Data General has targeted for its future growth increased
participation in the industries of banking, insurance,
brokerage, health care, manufacturing, petrochemical and the
U.S. government.
 Reuter

SIR 20 from Palembang traded for April
shipment at 34-1/2 cents a lb and 34-5/8 cents a lb, FOB,
sight, brokers said.
    SIR 20 from Padang traded for April shipment at 34-5/8
cents a lb, FOB, sight, brokers said.
    Belawan SIR 20 was offered but unsold for April shipment at
35 cents a lb, they said.
 Reuter


API WEEKLY REPORT ON FUEL PRODUCTION AND STOCKS
  (In Thousands of Barrels a Day, Except Stocks)
                     4/03/87   3/27/87   4/04/86
 Gasoline Production   6,633     6,423     6,051
 Gasoline Stocks     247,908   245,617-R 216,393
 Distillate Produc     2,518     2,388     2,662
 Distillate Stocks   106,958   106,330-R  96,129
 Residual Fuel Produc    970       948       925
 Resid Fuel Stocks    38,254    37,976-R  39,074
 Jet Fuel Production   1,361     1,305     1,174
 Jet Fuel Stocks      48,958    48,822    47,449
 Crude Oil Stocks    337,732   329,208-R 338,410
 Crude Oil Imports     3,403     3,598-R   3,252
 Refinery Runs        12,536    12,205    12,002
 Pct of Capacity        80.4      78.3      77.4
 Reuter



Boeing Co said the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration selected it for
negotiations leading to a contract for the Technical and
Management System project in support of the Space Station
program.
    NASA's initial commitment is about 40 mln dlrs.
    Under terms of the contract, Boeing will design and operate
an information exchange network to support development of the
proposed space station.
 Reuter

Firm oil prices, a sharp stock price
fall and widespread fear that the dollar has much more room to
decline sent bond prices tumbling, dealers said.
    The key 7-1/2 pct Treasury bonds of 2016 fell 1-3/32 points
to close at 95-1/32 and a 7.94 pct yield that was up 10 basis
points from Monday and was 1987's highest closing yield.
    "Investors threw in the towel today. The long bond seems
headed for eight pct within the next few days," a trader said.
That would correspond to a price of about 94-3/8.
    Treasury bill rates increased two to eight basis points.
Notes prices declined 1/8 to 3/4.
    Bond traders said the main negative is recent instability
of the dollar and growing feeling that even concerted central
bank support will not be able to prevent a further sharp
decline in the U.S. currency.
    The dollar came under mild downward pressure early and
finished with modest net losses. The currency was largely
unaffected by generally supportive comments by Federal Reserve
Chairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi
Miyazawa.
    Miyazawa once again said he and Treasury Secretary James
Baker agree on the need for stable foreign exchange rates.
    Fed Chairman Paul Volcker told Congress that the dollar's
fall thus far should be "large enough, in a context of a
growing world economy and fiscal restraint in the U.S., to
support widespread expectations of a narrowing in the real
trade deficit in the period ahead."
    Despite favorable comments by Volcker and Miyazawa, there
appears to be broad agreement among currency and bond market
participants that a huge Federal budget deficit and a wide,
although narrowing, trade gap will further depress the dollar.
That could mean Japanese and other foreign investors will buy
fewer U.S. bonds or even start selling them.
    There has been no evidence of large-scale sales of U.S.
bonds by the Japanese. Some dealers said that these investors
actually purchased a modest amount of U.S. debt today, but they
focused on shorter maturities in the two-year area rather than
on long bonds.
    To the extent that overseas investors back away from the
U.S. bond market, dealers said that higher yields will be
needed to lure others to take their place.
    A late Federal funds rate rise contributed slightly to the
bond market retreat. After averaging 6.20 pct yesterday, funds
opened at 6-1/8 pct and traded between 6-1/16 and 6-1/4 pct.
    The Federal funds rate rise occurred despite the Fed's
unexpected direct supply of temporary reserves. The Fed
arranged two-day System repurchase agreements with funds
trading at 6-1/8 pct.
    Treasury bill rates increased largely in response to the
higher funds rate. Rates on new three and six-month bills rose
two and seven basis points from Monday's auction averages to
close at 5.55/54 pct and 5.70/69 pct. Year bills at 5.81/80 pct
were up eight basis points from yesterday's close.
    Among notes, the 6-3/8s of 1989 dropped 1/8 to 99-9/16,
with the 7-1/4s of 1996 down 3/4 at 97-3/8.
 Reuter


******CURRENCY TARGET ZONES WILL NOT BE DISCUSSED AT G-7 MEETING, JAPANESE OFFICIALS SAY
Blah blah blah.



Nanometrics Inc said it is
reducing its domestic workforce of 141 people by about 17 pct.
    The comapny said the action, coupled with other cost
reduction measures, is intended to address the continuing slow
sales of its semiconductor measurement and inspection
equipment.
 Reuter


******TEXACO GETS TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDER FROM TEXAS COURT AGAINST PENNZOIL
Blah blah blah.




AUSTRALIAN EXCHANGES - United States  0.7092     0.7058 United
Kingdom 0.4395     0.4342 Canada         0.9297     0.9147
France         4.3241     4.2544 W. Germany     1.3005    
1.2798 italy          926.0000   909.0000 Japan         
103.6300   101.9700 new zealand    1.2326     1.2262
switzerland    1.0791     1.0618 90 DAY AIRMAIL BUYING RATES
STG    0.4506    US DLR 0.7236 90 DAY FWD BUYING RATES STG   
0.4313    US DLR 0.6926



Yen-denominated gold futures opened mostly
firmer, with contracts unchanged to eight yen per gram higher,
after falls yesterday, dealers said.
    Gold closed stronger and near the day's highs in New York
yesterday, underpinned by a buoyant silver market, they noted.
    This generated sporadic buying at the opening here but
investors continue to focus interest on the silver market, they
said.
    International bullion firmed to 423.00/423.50 dlrs an ounce
from 422.25/3.25 in New York.
 REUTER


Kuala lumpur rubber opg call - april 8 smr 20 (in order
byr/slr/last trd/sales) all unquoted




TOKYO EXCH 1200 - APRIL 08
 US DLR      145.40/45
 ONE MTHS       32.7/31
 TWO MTHS        65/64
 THREE MTHS      97/95
 FOUR MTHS      130/128
 FIVE MTHS      165/158
 SIX MTHS       199/197
 (ALL DISCS)



Foreigners will be able to invest up
to two mln N.Z. Dlrs in New Zealand assets without getting
approval from the Overseas Investment Commission, the
Commission said.
    The decision, effective tomorrow raises the threshold from
its previous level of 500,000 dlrs, it said in a statement.
    "The new level is felt to be more appropriate to objectives
given the present cost structure involved in operating a
business in New Zealand," the commission said. The increase does
not apply to the acquisition of shares.
 REUTER

Jordan has boosted its bids for U.S.
soft and hard wheat under Export Bonus, private export sources
said.
    Jordan today bid 74 dlrs per tonne for soft wheat and 75
dlrs per tonne for hard red winter wheat in its tender for
225,000 tonnes of hard and soft wheat for April through
November shipment. Earlier today, USDA rejected its bids of 70
dlrs for both varieties, they said.
 Reuter


 WALL STREET INDICES CLOSING 2-APR 7
 STANPOOR  HIGH   LOW    CLSG
 Comp    303.65  296.67  296.69 off 5.26
 Ind     351.83  343.67  343.70 off 5.79
 Trans   235.99  231.51  231.56 off 3.27
 Utils   115.42  112.56  112.57 off 2.85
 Fin      30.14   29.52   29.52 off 0.53




Treasury Secretary James Baker and
Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker held a meeting with
senior West German monetary officials, including Finance
Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg, Volcker said.
    Volcker emerged after two-hours in the Treasury building
but declined to comment on the subjects they discussed.
    Stoltenberg, accompanied by other senior West German
officials attending the spring meeting of the International
Monetary Fund, left the Treasury without speaking to reporters.
 Reuter


N.Y. TANKERS - April 7
    Ashland took Majestic Pride 45,000 tons dirty April 12 East
Coast Mexico to U.S. Gulf worldscale 120
    Frota took Fidelity L 49,000 tons dirty April 21 Brazil to
United States worldscale 118
    CPC took Eisho Maru 220,000 tons dirty April 12 Mideast
Gulf to Taiwan worldscale 35
    Citgo took Friendship Venture 67,000 tons dirty April 16
Caribbean to U.S. Gulf worldscale 89
    MSC took Loire 52,000 tons dirty April 10 East Coast Mexico
to U.S. Gulf worldscale 92.5
 reuter



Amoskeag Bank Shares Inc and
&lt;Portsmouth Savings Bank> said they will file motions for a
rehearing with the New Hampshire Supreme Court of its March 30
ruling that overturned state regulatory approval of Amoskeag's
acquisition Portsmouth.
    "The ramifications of this decision, we believe, go well
beyond the affiliation of Amoskeag and Portsmouth Savings
Bank," said Amoskeag chairman William S. Bushnell.
    The transaction was opposed by a group of Portsmouth
investors who wanted the bank to remain independent, according
to press reports.
 Reuter


CBOE CLOSING ACTIVES

  8,272 IBM APR 150      1 3/8   OFF  1 3/8
  7,507 IBM APR 155        7/16  OFF    11/16
  6,543 GM JUN 85        2 3/8   UP     1/8
  3,940 IBM APR 145      3 1/4   OFF  2 1/2
  3,716 ATT APR 25         3/16  UNCH
  4,672 GENCP JUN 105P   3 1/4   UNCH
  3,898 IBM APR 145P     2 1/8   UP   1
  3,201 IBM APR 150P     5 3/8   UP   2 1/8
  1,947 GENCP JUN100P    1 1/2   UP     3/8
  1,548 IBM APR 140P       3/8   UP     1/8

   ADVANCES  760       DECLINES1,164



Distillate fuel stocks held in
primary storage rose by 628,000 barrels in the week ended April
three to 106.96 mln barrels from a revised 106.33 mln the
previous week, the American Petroleum Institute said.
    In its weekly statistical bulletin, the oil industry trade
group said gasoline stocks rose 2.29 mln barrels to 247.91 mln
barrels from a revised 245.62 mln, and crude oil stocks were up
8.52 mln barrels to 337.73 mln from a revised 329.21 mln.
    It said residual fuel stocks rose 28,000 barrels to 38.25
mln from a revised 37.98 mln barrels.
    API said refinery runs in the week rose to 12.54 mln
barrels per day from 12.21 mln and refinery use of operating
capacity was 80.4 pct, up from 78.3 pct.
    Crude oil imports in the week fell to 3.40 mln bpd from a
revised 3.60 mln, API added.
 Reuter

Allegheny International Inc, which has
agreed to a merge with a jointly-formed First Boston Inc
affiliate in a deal worth 500 mn dlrs, said shareholders of its
preferred stock have filed a class action complaint against the
company.
    The complaint alleges, among other things, that the company
and its board agreed to pay First Boston an illegal seven mln
dlr topping fee if it received a higher offer for the company
prior to the buyout.
    The suit contends that this fee hampers Allegheny's ability
to attract other offers or take other actions that would
benefit holders of preferred stock. The complaint also alleges
federal securities laws violations and breach of fiduciary
duty.
    The suit requests an injunction against proceeding with the
pending offer being made by Sunter Acquisition to acquire
Allegheny. Sunter Acquisition Corp and Sunter Holdings Corp
were formed by First Boston and Allegheny.
    Allegheny said it and the Sunter concerns intend to
vigorously defend the complaint's charges.
    The complaints were filed by Robert Moss and other parties
who are believed to own about 230,000 shares of Allegheny's
preferred stock.
 Reuter

TAP Air Portugal said it signed a
contract for three &lt;Airbus Industrie> A310-300 aircraft,
confirming a commitment made in January.
    Air Portugal said it has taken options on two further
aircraft which may be either A310-300s or A340s.
 Reuter

The Australian dollar opened easier at
0.7085/90 U.S. Dlrs but quickly breached the 0.7100 barrier in
early trade.
    Dealers said there was still strong support for the unit
and forecast it would test its recent highs after shrugging off
yesterday's selling pressure.
    They said the dollar was better equipped to hold its
current values as its U.S. Conterpart is significantly lower
than the last time these levels were tested.
    A trading range of 0.7080 to 0.7120 U.S. Dlrs is expected
today.
    In early Australian trade the US dollar was pegged at
1.8253/63 marks and 145.40/50 yen from its New York closes of
1.8270/80 and 145.60/70.
    Dealers said the market had become sceptical about the
resolve of the major trading nations to assist the U.S. Out of
its twin deficit problems.
    They forecast a quiet day for the currency.
    The Australian dollar was firmer on the crossrates in early
Australian trade at 1.2964 marks from 1.2918, 103.32 yen from
103.15, 1.0763 swiss francs from 1.0732, 1.2391 NZ dlrs from
1.2403, and 0.4392 sterling from 0.4361.              
 Reuter


TOKYO EXCH OPG - APRIL 08
 US DLR 145.33/35




AUSTRALIAN WHEAT EXPORT PRICES - apr 08 IN U.S. DOLLARS PER
TONNE, FOB EASTERN STATES.
     AUST STANDARD   AUST PRIME HARD
    WHITE   HARD  13 PCT  14 PCT APR 116.00  124.50  129.00 
136.00 MAY 116.00  124.50  128.00  136.00 JUN 117.00  122.50 
125.50  135.50 JUL 117.00  122.50  125.50  135.50 AUG 117.00 
122.50  125.50  135.00 SEP 117.00  122.50  125.50  135.00
    PRICES VALID UNTIL 1700 EASTERN AUSTRALIA TIME.



Oil price firmness, a sharp stock price
fall and widespread fear that the dollar has much more room to
decline sent bond prices tumbling, dealers said.
    The key 7-1/2 pct Treasury bonds of 2016 fell 1-3/32 points
to close at 95-1/32 and a 7.94 pct yield that was up 10 basis
points from Monday and was 1987's highest closing yield.
    "Investors threw in the towel today. The long bond seems
headed for eight pct within the next few days," a trader said.
That would correspond to a price of about 94-3/8.
    Treasury bill rates increased two to eight basis points.
Notes prices declined 1/8 to 3/4.
    Bond traders said the main negative is recent instability
of the dollar and growing feeling that even concerted central
bank support will not prevent a further drop in the dollar.
 Reuter

The House Armed Services Committee
slashed President Reagan's funding request for the Strategic
Defense Initiative (SDI), approving 1.7 billion dlrs less than
he had proposed for the anti-missile program.
    The committee, during its consideration of the 1988 defense
authorization bill, also cut by more than half Reagan's request
for a rail system for strategic missiles.
    The proposals must be adopted by the full House and Senate
before becoming law.
    The committee approved 3.5 billion dlrs for SDI, a land-
and space-based anti-missile defense program commonly known as
"Star Wars." The amount was 1.7 billion dlrs less than the
administration request of 5.2 billion dlrs.
    The Reagan administration has requested a total of 312
billion dlrs for defense in 1988, but congressional leaders
have said that will be cut as part of a budget-trimming effort
to reduce the huge federal deficit.
    In other action today, the committee approved 250 mln dlrs
for a rail system for inter-continental ballistic missiles, but
did not specify which missile system. Supporters have said
missiles on such a rail network would be less vulernable to
attack than those in fixed underground silos.
    The administration requested 590 mln dlrs specifically for
a rail-mobile system for the 10-warhead MX missile. But many
congressmen, including House Armed Services Chairman Les Aspin,
a Wisconsin Democrat, favor a smaller mobile missile dubbed the
"Midgetman."
 Reuter

The U.S. Dollar opened slightly lower
in moderately active trading as bearish sentiment persisted,
dealers said.
    They said the selling pressure was light ahead of expected
meetings of leading finance ministers in Washington this week.
Participants tended to keep their positions small and Bank of
Japan intervention shortly after Tokyo's opening at around
145.30 yen failed to have a strong impact on the market, they
said.
    The dollar opened at 1.8247/57 marks against New York's
1.8270/80 close and the 1.8205/15 finish here yesterday.
    The dollar opened at 145.40/50 yen but weakened to near
145.30 when the Bank of Japan intervened. It finished at
145.60/70 in New York and 145.15/20 here yesterday.
    Dealers said the dollar appeared to be holding comfortably
above the critical 145 yen level now as yesterday's attempt to
break that level failed for lack of momentum. But the markets
generally are not expecting much from the Washington talks
today, they added.
    The dollar is expected to stay within a tight range today
with considerable selling pressure at the 145.60 yen and 1.8270
mark levels, dealers said.
    Dealers said supportive remarks yesterday from Federal
Reserve chairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance Minister
Kiichi Miyazawa were ignored as players squared positions.
    Volcker told a Congressional committee the dollar's fall so
far should be "large enough ... To support widespread
expectations of a narrowing in the real trade deficit in the
period ahead."
    Miyazawa, after meeting Treasury Secretary James Baker,
said they agreed on the need for currency stabilization and
that he was satisfied with the role the U.S. Has played in
supporting the dollar since the February Paris accord.
    Sterling opened at 1.6182/92 dlrs against New York's
1.6175/85 close and the 1.6200/10 finish here yesterday.
    Dealers said sterling sentiment remains positive as the
ruling Conservative party maintained its lead in opinion polls.
But they said technical selling may depress it to 1.6150.
    The Hong Kong dollar opened at 7.8005/25 against its U.S.
Counterpart compared with yesterday's 7.8015/35 close.
    Local interest rates tended easier with overnight opening
at four 3-1/2 pct against yesterday's 4-1/2 four pct close.
    Asian dollar rates were steady with three months opening
unchanged at 6-1/2 3/8 pct.
    The dollar started at 1.5147/57 Swiss francs against New
York's 1.5145/55 close and the 1.5137/47 finish here yesterday,
and at 6.0690/0720 French francs against 6.0780/0810 and
6.0600/20.
 REUTER


Kuala lumpur rubber opg call - april 8 rss ones (in order
byr/slr/last trd/sales)
 all unquoted



Australian trade unions said they have
launched week-long strikes and other industrial action in New
South Wales (NSW) to protest against new laws that would reduce
injury compensation payments.
    Union sources said talks with the state government broke
down last night, but the two sides are scheduled to meet later
today in an attempt to find a compromise.
    Rail freight and shipping cargo movements in the country's
most populous state were the first to be affected, and union
officials said almost every business sector will be hit unless
there is a quick settlement.
    The state government recently introduced a new workers'
compensation act which would cut the cash benefits to injured
workers by up to a third. The act is now awaiting parliamentary
ratification.
    NSW state premier Barrie Unsworth has said workers'
compensation has risen steeply in recent years and the proposed
cuts would save hundreds of mlns of dollars a year.
    Union officials said industrial action could spread to
other states as the federal government also plans to make sharp
cuts in workers' compensation.
 REUTER

Egypt has cancelled its Export Bonus
tender for 200,000 tonnes of soft red winter wheat for May-June
shipment after failing to bid a price acceptable to USDA,
private export sources said.
 Reuter

Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
that he and U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker were in
agreement on the need for currency stability. (NRKI 1821)
    WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker
said the performance of the dollar in exchange markets could be
a factor in the U.S. central bank's decisions on monetary
policy. (NRGG 1458)
    NEW YORK - Firm oil prices and fears of renewed dollar
declines sent both U.S. equities and bond prices tumbling, with
the Dow Jones Industrial Average down 45 to 2361 and the key
long bond down 1-3/32 to 95-1/32. (MRUA 2019, NYFK 2123)
    NEW YORK - The dollar ended with modest net losses in a
final bout of position-squaring ahead of tomorrow's crucial
monetary talks in Washington. The dollar slipped to 145.60/70
yen from 145.85/90 yesterday. (NYFD 2044)
    WASHINGTON - U.S. consumer credit rose a seasonally
adjusted 1.77 billion dlrs in February after a revised rise of
789 mln dlrs in January, the Federal Reserve said. (NRKX 2024)
    WASHINGTON - The Treasury said it will sell 13.2 billion
dlrs of bills at its regular auction on April 13.(NRKV 2009)
    NEW YORK - Gold bullion rose to 422.25/423.25 dlrs an ounce
from 418.10/60 at the previous finish (MMGU 1926).
 Reuter

Texaco Inc said it obtained a temporary
restraining order from the Texas court of appeals against
Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> taking action to enforce a multi-billion dlr
judgment against Texaco.
    A Texas jury last year found that Texaco interfered with
Pennzoil's attempt to acquire Getty Oil Co last year and
awarded Pennzoil more than 10 billion dlrs in damages.
    Texaco said the temporary restraining order was a positive
initial step.
    A spokesman said arguments will begin in the Texas State
Court of Appeal in Houston on April 13 on Texaco's request for
relief from the full bond and lien requirement, which equal the
amount of the judgment.
 REUTER

Japan's rubber stocks fell to 44,980
tonnes in March from 46,198 in February and from 53,784 in
March 1986, the Japan Rubber Trade Association said.
    The stocks (in tonnes), with February and year-earlier
comparisons, were -
                    March 87  Feb 87    March 86
    Crude Rubber     41,536   42,094     49,551
    Synthetic         3,334    3,978      4,044
    Latex               110      126        189
 REUTER

Yen bond futures prices hit record highs
in early trade in response to the early jump in the cash bond
market on speculative purchases by brokers, dealers said.
    Key June was 111.31 after hitting a record high earlier of
111.48, against an opening of 111.02. It closed at 110.68
yesterday. September was 110.10, below the earlier record of
110.15 and against a 109.40 close.
    The rally was triggered by a fall in short-term interest
rates and heavy broker speculation in expectation of more
end-investor purchases. But prices eased towards end-morning as
the cash bond market fell on profit taking, dealers said.
    The yen unconditional call rate was 3.5000 pct today, down
from 3.6250 pct yesterday.
    The Bank of Japan sold a total of 800 billion yen worth of
financial bills from its holdings to help absorb a projected
money market surplus of 1,300 billion yen due to allocation of
government revenues to local governments and public entities
and the return of bank notes.
    Dealers were divided about whether expectations of another
discount rate cut have been built into the market. Some dealers
said it is too early for the market to discount a rate cut and
projected a possible sudden market retreat.
 REUTER

Mounting trade friction between the
U.S. And Japan has raised fears among many of Asia's exporting
nations that the row could inflict far-reaching economic
damage, businessmen and officials said.
    They told Reuter correspondents in Asian capitals a U.S.
Move against Japan might boost protectionist sentiment in the
U.S. And lead to curbs on American imports of their products.
    But some exporters said that while the conflict would hurt
them in the long-run, in the short-term Tokyo's loss might be
their gain.
    The U.S. Has said it will impose 300 mln dlrs of tariffs on
imports of Japanese electronics goods on April 17, in
retaliation for Japan's alleged failure to stick to a pact not
to sell semiconductors on world markets at below cost.
    Unofficial Japanese estimates put the impact of the tariffs
at 10 billion dlrs and spokesmen for major electronics firms
said they would virtually halt exports of products hit by the
new taxes.
    "We wouldn't be able to do business," said a spokesman for
leading Japanese electronics firm Matsushita Electric
Industrial Co Ltd &lt;MC.T>.
    "If the tariffs remain in place for any length of time
beyond a few months it will mean the complete erosion of
exports (of goods subject to tariffs) to the U.S.," said Tom
Murtha, a stock analyst at the Tokyo office of broker &lt;James
Capel and Co>.
    In Taiwan, businessmen and officials are also worried.
    "We are aware of the seriousness of the U.S. Threat against
Japan because it serves as a warning to us," said a senior
Taiwanese trade official who asked not to be named.
    Taiwan had a trade trade surplus of 15.6 billion dlrs last
year, 95 pct of it with the U.S.
    The surplus helped swell Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves
to 53 billion dlrs, among the world's largest.
    "We must quickly open our markets, remove trade barriers and
cut import tariffs to allow imports of U.S. Products, if we
want to defuse problems from possible U.S. Retaliation," said
Paul Sheen, chairman of textile exporters &lt;Taiwan Safe Group>.
    A senior official of South Korea's trade promotion
association said the trade dispute between the U.S. And Japan
might also lead to pressure on South Korea, whose chief exports
are similar to those of Japan.
    Last year South Korea had a trade surplus of 7.1 billion
dlrs with the U.S., Up from 4.9 billion dlrs in 1985.
    In Malaysia, trade officers and businessmen said tough
curbs against Japan might allow hard-hit producers of
semiconductors in third countries to expand their sales to the
U.S.
    In Hong Kong, where newspapers have alleged Japan has been
selling below-cost semiconductors, some electronics
manufacturers share that view. But other businessmen said such
a short-term commercial advantage would be outweighed by
further U.S. Pressure to block imports.
    "That is a very short-term view," said Lawrence Mills,
director-general of the Federation of Hong Kong Industry.
    "If the whole purpose is to prevent imports, one day it will
be extended to other sources. Much more serious for Hong Kong
is the disadvantage of action restraining trade," he said.
    The U.S. Last year was Hong Kong's biggest export market,
accounting for over 30 pct of domestically produced exports.
    The Australian government is awaiting the outcome of trade
talks between the U.S. And Japan with interest and concern,
Industry Minister John Button said in Canberra last Friday.
    "This kind of deterioration in trade relations between two
countries which are major trading partners of ours is a very
serious matter," Button said.
    He said Australia's concerns centred on coal and beef,
Australia's two largest exports to Japan and also significant
U.S. Exports to that country.
    Meanwhile U.S.-Japanese diplomatic manoeuvres to solve the
trade stand-off continue.
    Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party yesterday outlined
a package of economic measures to boost the Japanese economy.
    The measures proposed include a large supplementary budget
and record public works spending in the first half of the
financial year.
    They also call for stepped-up spending as an emergency
measure to stimulate the economy despite Prime Minister
Yasuhiro Nakasone's avowed fiscal reform program.
    Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Michael Smith and Makoto
Kuroda, Japan's deputy minister of International Trade and
Industry (MITI), are due to meet in Washington this week in an
effort to end the dispute.
 REUTER


U.S. CONSOLIDATED CLOSING 1

 ALCOA       43 3/4  M     OFF  1 3/8
 AMER CAN    49      N     OFF    1/4
 AMER ELEC   27 3/4  X     OFF    5/8
 AMER BRAND  47 3/4  N     OFF  1 5/8
 AMR CORP    53 1/4  N     OFF  2 1/4
 AMER EXPR   73 1/2  P     OFF  1 1/4
 BURL NOR    70 3/8  P     OFF    3/8
 BETH STL    11 1/4  P     UNCH
 CARO FRG    34 3/4  N     OFF    1/4
 COLUMB GAS  47 3/4  N     OFF  1 1/2
 CONS FRGT   35 1/4  N     UNCH
 CONS N-GAS  41 3/8  N     OFF  1 1/8
 CAN-PACIF   19      N     OFF    1/8
 CSX CORP    33      P     OFF    1/2
 COMW ED     34 3/4  P     OFF  1 1/8
 DELTA AIR   54 7/8  P     OFF  3 3/8
 DU PONT    119 1/4  M     OFF  2 3/4
 DET ED      17 1/4  N     OFF    3/8
 CON ED NY   43 1/4  P     OFF    5/8
 EAST KODAK  78 3/8  P     OFF  1 5/8
 GEN ELEC   108 1/8  P    OFF  3 5/8
 GEN MOTORS  82 1/4  P    UP     3/4
 GOODYEAR    59      N    OFF    1/2
 NAVISTAR     6 7/8  P    OFF    1/4
 HOUS IND    34 7/8  P    OFF  1 1/8
 IBM        146 1/2  P    OFF  2 7/8
 INTL PAPER 112 3/8  M    OFF  2 1/8
 MINN MIN   133 3/4  M    OFF    1/8
 MERCK      160      P    OFF  5 5/8
 INCO        16 1/2  N    OFF    1/8
 NIAG MOHWK  16 1/2  P    OFF    1/2
 NORFOLK     32      M    OFF    1/8
 NWA INC     64 3/4  P    OFF  1 1/8
 RYDER SYS   41 1/2  P    OFF    3/4
 PAC G&amp;E CO  22 1/8  P    OFF    1/4
 PHIL ELEC   21 1/4  P    OFF    7/8
 PSEG        38 7/8  N    OFF    5/8
 PANHAND PI  32      N    UNCH
 PROCT GAM   95      N    OFF  1 3/4
 PHILLIPS P  16 1/2  P    OFF    1/2
 PLY-GEM IN  16 1/4  A    OFF    1/2
 PEOPLS EGY  22 1/2  N    OFF  1 1/4
 PAN AM CP    4 1/2  N    OFF    1/4
 REICH CHEM  46 7/8  N    OFF    1/4
 SEARS ROE   54      P    OFF  1 3/8
 SOU CALIF   31      P    OFF  1 1/2
 CHEVRON CO  59 1/4  P    OFF  1 1/8
 SANTA FE    39 5/8  P    OFF    3/8
 ATT         23 7/8  P    OFF    3/8
 TEXACO      34      P    UP     3/8
 UNITED AIR  65 3/4  P    UNCH
 UNION CARB  29 5/8  P    UP     5/8
 UNION PAC   77 5/8  P    UP     3/8
 UNITED TEC  51 1/8  M    OFF    5/8
 USX CORP    29 3/8  P    UP     1/8
 WEST ELEC   65 3/4  N    OFF  1 1/2
 WOOLWORTH   52 1/4  P    OFF  1 5/8



Gynex Inc said that Gynex Labs
and G.D. Searle, a unit of Monsanto Co &lt;MTC>, have terminated
the distribution agreement under which Searle had exclusive
rights to market Gynex's line of generic oral contraceptives.
    This means that Gynex Labs, 50 pct owned by Gynex and 50
pct by Watson Laboratories, will not get remuneration under the
distribution agreement beyond the 650,000 dlrs received from
Searle in February and March 1986. This has been applied to the
costs of inventories.
    Searle and Gynex Labs will both bear costs involved with a
product recall. Gynex Labs' cost is estimated at 900,000 dlrs,
to be shared equally by Gynex Inc and Watson, it said.
    The companies ended the agreement when it was determined
that Searle's product line sales and marketing commitment would
not allow it to commit the necessary resources for the relaunch
of the Gynex line of oral contraceptives, Gynex said.
    After launching the first two Gynex products in early
February, Searle voluntarily recalled them in March as a
preventive measure because a limited number of packages may
have contained out of order or missing tablets.
    Gynex has made changes that should prevent a recurrence of
the problem, and is ready to reinitiate production, it said.
Talks are underway with other potential distributors.
 Reuter

Communications Satellite Corp said it
changed the name of its Hi-Net Communications unit to Comsat
Video Enterprises to better reflect the nature of the unit's
operations.
    Comsat recently took full control of Hi-Net, which provides
in-room entertainment to hotels by satellite, by acquiring
Holiday Corp's &lt;HIA> 50 pct interest in the firm.
    In addition, Comsat said it signed new seven-year contracts
with LaQuinta Motor Inns Inc &lt;LQM> and &lt;Drury Inns Inc>.
 Reuter

The Bank of Japan bought a small amount of
dollars shortly after the opening at around 145.30 yen, dealers
said.
    The central bank intervened as a medium-sized trading house
sold dollars, putting pressure on the U.S. Currency, they said.
    The dollar was also supported by a major electrical
consumer goods company, which was a speculative dollar buyer at
around 145.25 yen, they added.
    The dollar opened at 145.33 yen against 145.60/70 in New
York and 145.25 at the close here yesterday.
 REUTER


HONG KONG GOLD OPG - APR 8
 local mkt (99.00 fine hk dlrs per tael)
 3,930.00 (prev clsg 3,904.00)
 international mkt (99.5 fine us dlrs per ounce)
 422.80/423.20 (420.00/420.50)




BANGKOK TAPIOCA - APRIL 8 Thai pellets (62 min starch, five pc
max fibre, three pc max sand, 14 pc max moisture) Apr/Sept  255
sellers, D-marks per tonne CIF Euro ports (prev 255).



Shr 36 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 1.3 mln vs 1.7 mln
    Revs 9.0 mln vs 7.9 mln
 Reuter

3 3/4
 one month     4 13/16 - 4 11/16
 two months    5 1/16 - 4 15/16
 three months  5 1/8 - 5
 six months    5 7/16 - 5 5/16
 12 months     6 - 5 3/4


Manila copra - april 8 copra (u.S. Dlrs per tonne cif europe)
junjul 270 slrs coconut oil (u.S. Dlrs per long ton/cif europe)
afloat 380 junjul 415 julaug 425 422.50 420 417.50 430 traded
afloat 375 aprmay 390 395 392.50 mayjun 400 405 junjul 415 
slrs   405  byrs julaug 422.50 420 425 slrs 417.50 byrs e a s I
e r



Asian dollar deposit rates opened
narrowly mixed in quiet trading, dealers said.
    They said the market ignored dollar supportive comments by
U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance
Minsiter Kiichi Miyazawa.
    The U.S. Federal Reserve's addition of temporary reserves
via two-day system repurchase agreements when fed funds were
trading at 6-1/8 pct also had little effect on the market.
    Short-dates were unchanged to slightly higher underpinned
by a steady U.S. Fed funds rate.  Overnight was little changed
at 6-5/16 6-3/16 and week-fixed rose 1/16 point to 6-3/8 6-1/4.
    Dealers said most operators refrained from taking large
positions as they await more news from the expected currency
talks in Washington starting today.
    Among period rates, one month eased 1/16 point to 6-7/16
6-5/16 pct, three and six months were unchanged at 6-9/16
6-7/16 and 6-11/16 6-9/16 pct, respectively while one year
gaind 1/16 point to 6-7/8 6-3/4 pct.
    Asian dollar CD rates opened mixed in quiet trading. One
month slipped to 6.40/30 pct from 6.45/35 yesterday, three
months was steady at 6.55/45 pct but six months rose slightly
to 6.70/60 pct from 6.65/55.
 REUTER

Sharp Corp will set up a 100 pct-owned
subsidiary in Thailand to make microwave ovens and
refrigerators for export to the U.S. And western Europe, a
company spokesman said.
    The company, to be named &lt;Sharp Appliances (Thailand) Ltd>,
will be capitalised at 2.1 billion yen and start operations in
October, he told Reuters.
    Sharp hopes the subsidiary, which will use parts from Japan
and southeast Asia, will eventually produce other electric
appliances, he said.
 REUTER

 said it declared
a stock dividend of one class A share for each two class A
shares held, payable May 15 to shareholders of record on April
30.
 Reuter

Capital Cities/ABC's ABC Television
Network said its Newsone news service reached a cooperative
agreement with Potomac Telecommunications Group to offer
ABC affiliates expanded coverage of Washington news.
    Potomac will work with ABC to transmit stories at rates
lower than current transmitting costs.
    Potomac covers Washington for 150 stations. The deal
affects about 219 ABC affiliates, and does not affect Potomac's
other customers. The deal does not affect ABC's network news
coverage, which is currently involved in a strike.
 Reuter

The State of Texas, faced with a record
5.8 billion dlr budget deficit over the next two years, may
have to consider introducing income tax,economic analysts said.
     Such a possibility was unthinkable a few years back when
the state's enormous wealth from oil and gas revenues easily
allowed Texans the luxury of paying no personal or corporate
income tax.
     However, last year's dramatic slump in oil prices not only
sent the Texas economy into a tailspin, but cut heavily into
the state's tax revenues.
    Both Moody's Investor Services and Standard and Poor's cut
their credit ratings of the state to double A from the top
triple A in early March.
    Moody's Vice President George W. Leung said it was the
first time Texas' rating had been lowered since 1962, adding
the report noted that while "the Legislature is now considering
proposals to restore budget balance, medium term prospects for
full recovery are weak."
    With only a slight improvement in the economy seen by State
Comptroller Bob Bullock, the Texas Legislature must grapple
with a one billion dlr deficit by August 31 and another 4.8
billion dlr deficit by the end of the next biennium. No other
state in U.S. history has faced such a deficit.
    "There is a strong independent streak in Texans and five
years ago I would never have dreamed the State Legislature
would institute an income tax," said George Bland, Assistant
Professor of Political Science at North Texas State University,
adding, "Now my contacts at the Legislature tell me it's
coming, it's inevitable, it's only a matter of time."
     State taxes on oil and gas production traditionally
supplied as much as a third of the state's revenues.
    However, that source has fallen to about 15 pct in recent
years, and with last year's price slump, the state's dependence
on sales taxes is approaching 50 pct.
     Bland said he believes the Tax Reform Act will be a major
factor in the state's decision because under it sales taxes are
no longer deductible from federal income tax while state income
tax is.
    John Kennedy, senior research associate at the Austin-based
Texas Research League said, "There is a great deal of popular
sentiment against it, plus the first plank of Governor
Clements' platform was no tax increases, let alone a new tax."
    However, he said that since the oil price fall the state
faced a choice of either instituting an income tax or
broadening and possibly raising the sales tax.
    Steve Pejovich, director of the Center for Free Enterprise
at Texas A and M University and an opponent of income taxes,
said he favored reforming the present tax system to take
account of the changed structure of the economy.
    "We should rely less on traditional sources, such as oil
and agriculture and real estate and more on service industries,
manufacturing and high-tech," Pejovich said.
    Tony Proffitt, an aide to State Comptroller Bob Bullock
said, "Bullock is opposed to an income tax, but has warned the
Legislature that if they get tired of looking at everything
else, that's the only option."
    Apart from Texas, states which have no individual income
tax are Alaska, Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, South Dakota,
Washington and Wyoming 
    For the time being, Attorney General Jim Mattox has ruled
that the Legislature may carry over the current one billion dlr
deficit into the next biennium, even though the state
consitution requires a balanced budget. But as State Treasurer
Ann Richards said last Thursday, "Jim Mattox's decision today
turns the heat down on the pressure cooker, but we must not
think that the goose isn't still cooking."
    Opponents to new or higher taxes argue in favor of spending
cuts. But the state is already under pressure from a Federal
District Court to clean up its overcrowded prison system -- or
face 24 mln dlrs a month in fines.
    And U.S. Education Secretary William Bennett has accused
the state, among others, of lax education reform. Earlier this
year, both houses of the Legislature, citing financial
restraints as well as teacher morale, passed bills abandoning
plans to require teachers to take competency tests.
    Bland said he believes the state will set up a commission
next year to "study alternative revenue sources," with an
income tax being instituted as early as January 1989.
    "If the political leaders are educated about (the effects
of the Tax Reform Act), I think there will be a gradual drift
toward income tax," he said.
                
 Reuter


SPOT AND FORWARDS RATES FROM BANK OF TOKYO - APRIL 08
 SPOT
      TTS    TTB    A/S    30D    60D    90D   120D   150D
    146.30 144.30 143.87 142.83 141.78 140.73 139.67 138.62
 FORWARD
            MAR/87  APR/87  MAY/87  JUN/87  JUL/87  AUG/87
    USD TTS 146.80  146.70  146.40  146.00  145.70  145.40
        TTB 143.50  143.20  142.80  142.50  142.10  141.80
    STG TTS 238.32  237.68  236.57  235.32  234.29  233.43
       TTB 230.80  229.68  228.41  227.42  226.38  225.44
    DMK TTS  80.65   80.77   80.80   80.77   80.79   80.81
        TTB  78.36   78.30   78.25   78.25   78.23   78.24




Kuala lumpur rubber rss ones open position of april 7
 nil




AUSTRALIAN WHEAT INDICATIVE BASIS QUOTES - apr 08 MELBOURNE apr
27 - 11.30 AM LOCAL IN US CENTS PER BUSHEL FOB EASTERN STATES
WITH ASW OVER RESPECTIVE CHICAGO FUTURES AND PRIME HARD OVER
KANSAS CITY FUTURES. VALID S.E. ASIA AND JAPAN.
         ASW   PRIME HARD
    APR  27        98
    MAY  43       108
    JUN  46       107
    JUL  46       105
    AUG  46       103
    SEP  40        98



 is
negotiating the supply of car components to Mexican units of
Ford Motor Co &lt;F> and Chrysler Corp &lt;C>, a Nissan spokeswoman
said.
    &lt;Nissan Mexicana SA de CV> is owned 96.4 pct by Nissan and
3.6 pct by Marubeni Corp &lt;MART.T>. It expects to win orders for
precision casting parts for engines, and aluminium cases for
automatic transmissions.
    These will supply output of 70,000 mid-size cars a year at
Chrysler's Mexican unit, the spokeswoman said.
    Nissan is negotiating a similar deal to supply Ford's
Mexican unit with precision casting parts for car engines, the
spokeswoman said, without providing further details.
    The company is expected to reach agreements with both U.S.
Car makers sometime this year, she said.
    Nissan Mexicana will invest about 400 mln yen to improve
production facilities after the agreements are signed, she
said.
 REUTER

Posted county prices in 99 southern
Texas counties have been changed to reflect only one market
differential instead of the usual two-terminal market pricing
system, a senior Agriculture Department official said.
    Interior grain and soybean prices in the affected counties
will now be based solely against the Texas Gulf. Prior to the
change, county prices were also priced against the Amarillo
market.
    The changes were made to better reflect local market
conditions, said Ralph Klopfenstein, deputy administrator for
commodity operations at USDA.
    "The Texas Gulf has always been the dominant market in those
counties. Amarillo never became effective for that area,"
Klopfenstein told Reuters.
 Reuter

A group of Canadian lawmakers from
Ontario today asked their U.S. counterparts to exempt Canada
from the mandatory trade retaliation provisions in a major
trade bill being considered by the U.S. Congress.
    At a meeting of the Northeast-Midwest Coalition, an
organization of U.S. legislators, David Cooke, chairman of the
Ontario Parliament's Select Committee on Economic Affairs, said
the exemption would help trade relations.
    The trade legislation to be considered by the full House in
late April would require President Reagan to retaliate against
foreign unfair trade practices unless the trade actions would
harm the U.S. economy.
    Currently, Reagan can reject trade sanctions on any
grounds.
    Cooke, a member of the Liberal party, told the U.S.
congressmen, "I can understand (the trade bill). I think it has
to do with concerns you have with the other parts of the world."
    "I would suggest to you that we are your best friends. You
do not have those concerns with Canada and you should sincerely
consider exempting our country from that bill," he added.
    Canada is the United States' largest trading partner, with
two-way trade more than 113 billion dlrs in 1985, according to
the coalition. But the U.S. ran up a 23 billion dlr deficit in
manufactured goods that year compared to a 14 billion dlr
surplus in services trade with its neighbour.
 Reuter

 said it
completed an issue of a five mln dlrs convertible debenture to
Arcalex B.V., a Dutch corporation that owns 54.3 pct of First
Toronto's outstanding common shares.
    The debenture is convertible to one mln common shares of
First Toronto for a period of five years.
 Reuter

Chevron Corp's Chevron U.S.A.
Inc said it has begun the installation of an oil drilling
platform, called Platform Gail, in the Sockeye field, located
in federal waters in the Santa Barbara Channel offshore
southern California.
    Chevron said a 25-mln dlr, eight leg platform jacket was
launched from a barge Sunday and secured in position in 739
feet of water.
    Modules for crew quarters, drilling and production
operations are to be completed later this year, the company
said.
    The three-deck platform, 11 miles west of Port Hueneme,
will be equipped with 36 drilling slots, Chevron said.
    Production from the first of 25 planned wells in the
100-pct Chevron-owned field is slated to begin in early 1988,
the company said.
    The estimated total cost of the platform is 150 mln dlrs,
Chevron said.
 Reuter

Shr profit one cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 641,000 vs loss 992,000
    Revs 26.0 mln vs 19.0 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit six cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 2.8 mln vs loss 1.8 mln
    Revs 39.0 mln vs 37.4 mln
    NOTE:1987 six months includes gain of four cts from change
in accounting principle.
 Reuter

Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.07 dlrs
    Net 13.6 mln dlrs vs 10.2 mln
    Revs 271.2 mln vs 182.3 mln
    NOTE:1986 results reflect year 11 month period because
company changed fiscal year to end February 28 from March 31.
 Reuter

Japan will seek to strengthen the
Paris accord on currency stability at the meeting of the group
of seven leading industrial nations tomorrow, Japanese
officials said.
    However, the officials travelling with Japanese Finance
Minister Kiichi Miyazawa and who asked not to be identified,
would not provide any details of how they wanted the accord,
which was signed by the six leading industrial democracies in
February, to be strengthened.
    Currency target zones, or reference ranges, will not be
discussed at the G-7 meeting which is scheduled for tomorrow,
the Japanese officials said.
    The meeting, which is being held in conjunction with this
week's International Monetary Fund/World Bank sessions, will
reaffirm the currency pact and there is no need for changing 
the language used in the Paris accord, the officials said.
    Miyazawa met with U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker early
in this afternoon and discussed the dollar/yen exchange rates,
officials said, but they declined to disclosed the details of
that discussion.
    The Japanese officials also declined to detail what
Miyazawa and Baker discussed on the subject of greater joint
intervention in currency markets to stabilize the dollar or on
independent American intervention.
    The officials said such a money market action to stabilize
the dollar is not only for the benefit of Japan, which is
suffering from a sharp appreciation in its currency, but also
for the benefit of the United States as well.
    As to U.S. urgings for Japan to take steps to boost its
domestic demand to reduce its trade surplus, Japan will explain
economic measures to the G-7, the officials said.
    However, Miyazawa failed to outline the size of the
Japanese economic package in his meeting with Baker today
because the Japanese 1987/88 budget has not been authorized by
the Diet, or parliament, despite the new fiscal year which
started April one, the officials said.
    Japan's ruling liberal democratic party revealed its own
economic package today calling for more than 5,000 billion yen
in additional spending.
 Reuter


LIVERPOOL COTTON OUTLOOK INDICES - APR 7
 INDEX "A" 62.65
 INDEX "B" 57.65
 REUTER




******Bank of Japan buys dollars shortly after opening at around 145.30 yen -- dealers
Blah blah blah.



Lac Minerals Ltd's exploration spending
will rise this year to 25 mln dlrs from 16.3 mln dlrs last
year, the company said in its annual report.
    The 1987 budget involves 16 mln dlrs for advanced
exploration on a tin project in New Brunswick, Bousquet mine
number two in Quebec and the Ortiz property in New Mexico, and
nine mln dlrs for pure exploration.
    Total capital and exploration spending will rise to about
130 mln dlrs from 98 mln dlrs last year, with 77 mln dlrs of
the 1987 amount set for the Page-Williams mine in Hemlo,
Ontario, Lac said.
    Lac's total 1986 gold production rose to 478,394 ounces
from 265,925 ounces the previous year. Production excluding
Page-Williams eased to 245,232 from 255,556 ounces in 1985.
 Reuter

Texaco Inc said it filed a
petition in the Texas Court of Appeals for relief of the bond
and lien provisions of the 10.3 billion dlr judgement in its
legal dispute with Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL>.
    Earlier today, a lawyer for Pennzoil told Reuters a filing
had been made in the Texas court of Appeals.
    "The petition asks the court to determine a reasonable
security arrangement between Texaco and Pennzoil," Texaco said
in a statement.
    Texaco also said it asked the court for a temporary
restraining order against Pennzoil's enforcement of the 10.3
billion dlr judgement until the petition is resolved.
    According to Texas law, Texaco could be forced to post the
full amount of the judgement as a bond. If it fails to do so,
Pennzoil could seek liens against Texaco's assets for the full
amount of the judgement.
    Yesterday the U.S. Supreme Court stuck down a lower federal
court ruling which had cut Texaco's bond to one billion dlrs.
It said the issue should first be considered in Texas state
Courts.
    Earlier, the attorney for Pennzoil said Texaco had
suggested a bond of one to 1.5 billion dlrs as a reasonable
amount in today's filing.
    But a Texaco spokesman had no immediate comment on the
figure.
    
 Reuter

Over-investment and over-production are
at the root of many of the difficult trade issues that have
soured relations between the United States and some of its
major trading partners, trade representative Clayton Yeutter
said.
    He told a conference, held by the University of Chicago's
Graduate Business School, that much of this was caused by
governments "getting their finger in the pot."
    Yeutter referred specifically to the problems of
agricultural trade, where subsidized exports have been a point
of contention most notably between the United States and the
European Community.
    "Think of the vast waste of financial and other resources,"
he said.
    Yeutter said much of the problem underlying the dispute
with Japan over semiconductors was due to overproduction.
    The trade representative called for a long-term approach to
international trade and said the recent commitment to a
free-trade agreement between the United States and Canada was a
step in the right direction.
    There's a lot of work to be done in the next six months,
but we have set October 1 as a target date for an agreement to
be reached, he added.
    "We're trying to create an environment that will facilitate
and foster free and open trade in the world," he said.
 Reuter

U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said a textile bill, widely expected to be offered as
an amendment to trade legislation on the House or Senate floor,
is "pure protectionism."
    "Its attachment to a trade bill would kill the bipartisan,
cooperative spirit needed to produce growth-oriented,
market-opening legislation," he said in a speech prepared for
the University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business.
    President Reagan vetoed that bill last year and would
almost certainly reject this year's bill, he added.
    "We simply cannot accept legislation that would provoke
retaliation against American exporters, destroy the Uruguay
Round, and embroil us in dozens of trade wars," the trade
representative said.
 Reuter

Logicon Inc said it has received a
12 mln dlr add-on contract, including options, to continue
developing the Joint Analytic Warfare System for the
Organization of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
    The new award increases the total contract value, including
options, to over 13.8 mln dlrs, including two mln dlrs for the
initial nine-month period and another ten mln dlrs in options
over the next five years.
 Reuter


******JAPAN SEEKS TO STRENGTHEN PARIS ACCORD ON CURRENCIES, JAPANESE OFFICIALS SAY
Blah blah blah.



Stocks fell steeply from the 2400 level in an
avalanche of selling unleashed by a jump in credit market
interest rates and renewed fears that the dollar could fall
further. After first extending the rally that hit an all-time
closing high of 2405.54 Monday, the Dow Jones industrial
average skidded 44.60 points to 2360.94, the fifth-largest
point drop on record.
    ---
    WASHINGTON - Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
he and U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker were in agreement on
the need for stable foreign exchange rates. Speaking after an
hour-long meeting with Baker, Miyazawa also said he was
satisfied with U.S. intervention to support the dollar against
the yen. He expected the Group of Seven countries, which are
due to meet tomorrow, to reaffirm the so-called Louvre accord
to stabilize foreign exchange rates.
    ---
    NEW YORK - The dollar bounced higher near the close of
trading as the stock and bond markets went into a steep slide,
but most traders are awaiting results from top-level meetings
in Washington before committing themselves.
    ---
    NEW YORK - Texaco Inc said it asked the Texas Court of
Appeals to block enforcement of a 10.3 billion dlr judgment
bond won by Pennzoil Co until appeals are decided. Texaco said
Monday that if it had to pay the full bond it would be forced
to seek protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy code.
    ---
    NEW YORK - AFG Industries Inc and Wagner and Brown ended
their hostile bid to acquire GenCorp Inc after the company's
dramatic announcement Monday of sweeping anti-takeover
measures. GenCorp, a large diversified manufacturing concern,
announced a 1.6 billion dlr, or 130 dlr a share, buyback of 54
percent of its stock and the sale of its tire and soft drink
bottling units.
    ---
    NEW YORK - A firm comprised of an E.F. Hutton Group unit and
Purolator Courier Corp executives agreed to end its 268 mln dlr
pact to buy Purolator, allowing Emery Air Freight Corp to
proceed with its 306 mln dlr bid for the world's largest ground
carrier. In response, Emery said it would renew its request for
a merger with the Basking Ridge, N.J.-based courier service.
    ---
    NEW YORK - ITT Corp authorized the repurchase of 10 million
shares of its common and preferred stock as part of a program
to enhance its earnings and shareholder value. ITT also said it
will redeem three series of its preferred stock.
    ---
    PARIS - Airbus Industrie, the European airplane
manufacturer, said it would buy engines for its proposed A340
wide-body jet from a joint-venture linking General Electric Co.
and SNECMA of France. The move is a boost for GE's aerospace
division and bad news for the International Aero Engine
consortium. The IAE group was selected to provide engines for
the A340 in December when an earlier GE engine was dropped for
use in the plane. International Aero Engine includes the
world's other leading engine manufacturers, Rolls-Royce, Pratt
&amp; Whitney and Japan's Aero Engines.
    ---
    WASHINGTON - Michael Davidoff, head trader for Ivan
Boesky's Seemala Corp, has consented to Securities and Exchange
Commission penalities and agreed to help in its continuing
investigation of insider trading, the SEC said. Davidoff
recently pleaded guilty in federal court to violating the
government's net capital requirements for brokers and traders.
    ---
    NEW YORK -  Several major computer companies launched new
computers, with Italy's Olivetti becoming the first major firm
to promise products to compete with International Business
Machines' new personal computers launched last week. Motorola,
Wang Laboratories, Unisys and Honeywell Bull all launched new
products, although they were seen as only modest advances in
product lines.
    ---
    NEW YORK - Avon Products Inc, one of the world's leading
cosmetics manufacturers, said it will purchase Giorgio Inc,
maker of the best-selling Giorgio perfume, for 185 mln dlrs  in
cash.
 Reuter


SINGAPORE ASIAN DLR DEPOSIT 0930 - APRIL 8 WED/THURS     6-5/16
6-3/16 THURS/FRI     6-3/8 6-1/4 7 DAYS FIX    6-3/8 6-1/4 ONE
MTH       6-7/16 6-5/16 TWO MTHS      6-1/2 6-3/8 THREE MTHS   
6-9/16 6-7/16 FOUR MTHS     6-5/8 6-1/2 FIVE MTHS     6-5/8
6-3/4 SIX MTH       6-11/16 6-9/16 NINE MTHS     6-3/4 6-5/8
TWELVE MTHS   6-7/8 6-3/4



Gold opened firmer in fairly active
trading on continued buying interest and light short covering
following the sharp rise in New York, dealers said.
    They said gold drew its strength from the buoyant silver
market which has been underpinned by speculative purchases.
    The metal opened at 422.80/423.20 U.S. Dlrs an ounce
against New York's 422.25/423.25 close and the 420.00/50 finish
here yesterday.
    On the local market gold opened 26 H.K. Dlrs higher at
3,930 H.K. Dlrs a tael.
 REUTER


Kuala lumpur smr 20 open position of april 7
 n I l




Malaysian rubber opg - april 8 quiet ones may  228.00  230.00
(prev same)
     Jne  228.00  230.00 (prev same)



Securities Commissioner Ray Astin and
Chairman of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ronald Li said in a
joint statement they have rejected a plan by Jardine Matheson
Holdings Ltd &lt;JARD.HK> to list its new "B" shares and that other
such plans will not be approved.
    They said the move resulted from recognition of the
potential disadvantages of listing "B" shares and from strong
opposition by stock brokers and members of the exchange.
    They also noted both Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HK>
and associate Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HK> have agreed to
withdraw previously announced plans to issue "B" shares.
    The Cheung Kong firms each announced bonus issues of one
new "B" share for each two ordinary shares last week after a
proposed four-for-one bonus issue of "B" shares by Jardine.
    The stock exchange then barred any further issues of "B"
shares, except the three proposals already submitted. The "B"
shares have equal voting rights with existing shares but a much
lower par value.
    The exchange's Hang Seng index lost 134 points between
Jardine Matheson's March 27 announcement and its close at
2,664.70 yesterday. But the index rose over 40 points in early
trading today and brokers linked the rise to the statement.
 REUTER

Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER


U.S SPOT PRODUCTS--FINAL--APRIL 7 1745 EST
    Spot oil product prices retraced early gains after the
weekly api report. Products were down about 0.50 cent in the
New York Harbor and 0.50 to 0.75 cent in the U.S. Gulf, traders
said.
    A build of 2.3 mln barrels in gasoline stocks and 628,000
barrels in distillate stocks was perceived as bearish for
product prices, they said. 
    But even more bearish was the 8.5-mln-barrel increase in
crude oil stocks and the 2.1 percentage point rise in the
capacity at which u.s. refineries operated, traders said,
adding that higher crude stocks and higher runs portend further
increase in products stocks.
    In usg, may unleaded gasoline traded at 50.75 cts, down
0.75 cent after the api report, traders said.
 Reuter



Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl
said a weaker dollar would be risky and a further appreciation
of the mark would damage prospects for sustained West German
economic growth.
    In a speech to the Institute of Contempory German Affairs
here, Poehl said "It would be an extremely risky policy to aim
for a further substantial decline in the value of the dollar to
correct the trade deficit."
    He said the United States could face a vicious circle of
depreciation, inflation and more depreciation if it took that
route.
    Poehl noted West Germany had already taken steps to meet
U.S. Demands for greater stimulation of its domestic economy,
accelerating tax cuts, cutting interest rates and tolerating
above-target money supply growth.
    He said he would have been happy to have brought forward
five billion marks of tax cuts now planned for January 1988 to
the beginning of this year, but he said the government faced
political constraints getting such measures through the upper
house of the West German parliament.
    But there were also limits to the impact West Germany could
accept on exports from a rising mark, he said.
    Poehl said West Germany relied on exports for about
one-third of its gross national product, so a substantial
erosion of export markets could not be offset by increasing
demand at home.
    "A further appreciation of the mark could even be an
obstacle to further growth," he said.
    Poehl said the Bundesbank had tolerated rapid money supply
growth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation and
because external factors, including low oil prices and
favourable terms of trade, had given some extra leeway.
    But Poehl said West Germany now faced a difficult dilemma
over monetary policy.
    The underlying rate of inflation was now two pct, not the
reported negative inflation rates last year, and West Germany
was affected more than before by exchange rate developments.
    "For the time being, we will have to focus our policy more
on the external side, and we can live with a more expansionary
money supply. But we must be very careful," he said.
    He said he shared some of the U.S. Concern about Japan's
trade surpluses, which affected European countries as well as
the United States.
    Poehl welcomed the so-called Louvre accord of monetary
officials of major industrialized countries, saying the
importance of the February 22 agreement to stabilize exchange
rates had been underestimated.
    All partners had agreed that the dollar was at about the
right level, and that further changes would damage growth, he
said.
    "This was a remarkable change in attitude, especially on the
part of our American colleagues," he said.
    But he said there was still a danger that the correction of
the dollar's value could overshoot.
 REUTER


BANK OF TOKYO SPOT RATE - APRIL 08 US DLR  144.30/146.30




TOKYO RUBBER BUYER-SELLER - APRIL 08
       FRESH/SELL LIQUIDATION  FRESH/BUY SHORT/COVER
    APR         7       56          1       62 (AS OF APRIL 07
    MAY        26       12          5       33  LOT-FIVE
TONNES)
    JUN        30       59         14       75
    JUL        22       42          1       63
    AUG        30       29        NIL       59
    SEP        99       81         12      168
    OCT       132       68         27      173
    NOV       189      152         59      282
    DEC       272       35        244       63
    TOTAL     807      534        363      978




TOKYO RUBBER (YEN PER KILO) - APRIL 08
          PREV     OPG    1045    1345    1445    CLSG  
OPN/INT
 APR     122.3   122.3   122.3                            1,613
 MAY     124.3   123.5   123.6                            3,832
 JUN     125.2   124.6   124.6                            2,640
 JUL     125.7   125.4   125.6                            2,398
 AUG     126.7   125.9   126.0                            2,405
 SEP     126.9   126.7   126.8                            3,008
 OCT     126.7   126.6   127.4                            3,967
 NOV     127.5   127.8   128.7                            6,307
 DEC     127.8   128.2   128.4                            1,224
 T/O     1,341     225
 OPN/TTL27,565                                            27,394




SINGAPORE RUBBER 1115 QUIET - APRIL 8
 NO. 1 RSS MAY 196.00 196.50 (UNCH)
          JUNE 193.00 193.50
        PROMPT 199.50 200.50



News of an agreement among G-5 and G-7
finance ministers meeting in Washington this week will be key
to the direction of currency futures at the International
Monetary Market, but any such agreement will need to go beyond
the Paris accord to stem the recent rise in futures, financial
analysts said.
    "If they (the finance ministers) give the market something
really new to look at -- that is, some package that goes beyond
the Paris agreement -- you could have a real boost in the
dollar," said Shearson Lehman Brothers analyst Anne Mills.
    On the other hand, "anything neutral would tend to be
bearish for the dollar," Mills said.
    Traders and analysts agree a simple reaffirmation of the
Paris accord will not be enough to halt the decline in the
dollar, nor will central bank intervention.
    "A lot of people are looking for a reason to buy currencies
and sell the dollar," said one trader for a large retail firm
on the floor of the IMM.
    "If there is no concrete resolution, they will be looking
to sell the dollar, possibly down to the 1.80 mark level," he
said.
    Technically, most currency futures are poised for another
rise, said Smith Barney Harris Upham analyst Craig Sloane.
    Sloane noted that June yen futures set a new contract high
on Tuesday and closed at its best level ever, while June
sterling set a new contract high on Monday.
    "Everything seems to be coming to a head right now and you
don't need much to get things rolling," Sloane said.
    In particular, the June Canadian dollar, for which Sloane
recently put out a buy recommendation, has hovered in a range
between 0.7600 and 0.7660 in recent weeks, forming a triangle
on the charts from which it may soon break out on the upside.
    A close above the contract high of 0.7665 would signal a
breakout, Sloane said, and would likely mean the nearby
Canadian dollar contract would extend its advance to near the
0.7800 level. June Canadian dollar closed at 0.7656 Tuesday.
    Mills noted, however, that interest rate differentials
between Canadian securities and U.S. securities have narrowed
dramatically recently, with yields on 10-year Canadian bonds
only about 80 basis points above U.S. 10-year notes.
    What has helped the Canadian currency, she noted, is an
increasing proportion of foreign funds flowing into the
Canadian equity market, particularly from Japanese investors.
    Other analysts, however, said currency futures may be near
the top of their long-term rally.
    "Something will be done at the (G-5 and G-7) meeting to
calm people," said David Horner of Merrill Lynch Economics.
    The Paris accord has pretty much fixed where major European
currencies will trade, Horner said.
    But sterling futures may still make another run for new
highs, up to 1.6300 to 1.6500 dlr in the June contract, on the
positive atmosphere that will prevail before British elections
and possibly another interest rate cut, Horner said. The June
British pound closed at 1.6080 on Tuesday.
    Horner said that new boundaries for the trading range of
the yen are likely to come out of the G-5 and G-7 meetings.
    The most likely range will be a bottom for the dollar
between 140 to 142 yen per dollar and a top near 150 to 152
yen, Horner said. In yen futures, the bottom of the dollar's
range would be equivalent to 0.007100 to 0.007150 in the June
contract. June yen closed at 0.006913 on Tuesday.
    If such a range does emerge from the meetings, "we will
have one more rally in the yen," Horner said.
 Reuter

A sharp overnight fall on Wall Street due
to profit taking and arbitrage related selling and a subsequent
local share market slump led to a steep drop in most share
price index contracts, dealers said.
    They said domestic credit futures were higher, however, in
response to lower yields in short term money markets as the
Australian dollar firmed and cash weakened.
    Comex-linked gold futures were higher as a result of rises
in bullion. International credit futures were steady in
extremely thin trade.
    June share price index futures opened lower at 1,730.0
against yesterday's 1,735.5 close in moderate trade. September
was slightly higher at 1,741.0 against 1,737.0 in thin trade.
About 950 lots changed hands.
    Dealers said the market, which seemed to lose its momentum
late yesterday, reacted badly to the 45 point drop in the Dow
Jones index. The all ordinaries index dropped 10.3 points to
1,743.7 at mid-morning with losses across the board.
    June 90 day bank bills rose to 85.23 from yesterday's 85.16
close. September rose to 85.32 from 85.25. About 3,054
contracts were traded.
    Physical yields eased to 15.40 pct from 15.50.
    June 10-year bond futures, the only month to trade, were
higher at 86.92 against yesterday's 86.87 finish. About 5,433
lots were exchanged.
    March 1997 paper was 13.09 pct, down from 13.11.
   June Comex-linked gold futures started strongly at 427.50
U.S. Dlrs an ounce, up from 426.20 in New York and yesterday's
close of 425.00. Only two lots were traded.
    June U.S. T-bonds started at 97.02, down from a Chicago
finish of 97.08 and a close of 97.27, with 20 lots traded. June
Eurodollars were steady with only five lots exchanged.
 REUTER


SINGAPORE MONEY RATE - APRIL 8 OVERNIGHT    3-1/4 3-1/8 ONE MTH
     3-3/8 3-1/4 TWO MTHS     3-3/8 3-1/4 THREE MTHS   3-3/8
3-1/4 SIX MTHS     3-9/16 3-7/16



The ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP)
has proposed expanding imports of 12 farm products named in a
U.S. Complaint against Japan to the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade last year, an LDP official said.
    The products include fruit juices, purees and pulp, some
tomato products, peanuts, prepared beef products and beans.
    The proposal will be used as the basis for a more detailed
LDP economic package to cut the trade surplus with the U.S. The
party is expected to formalise the package before April 19,
when LDP General Council Chairman Shintaro Abe visits
Washington.
 REUTER

U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said President Reagan should have the authority and
responsibility for deciding if and when to award import relief.
    "As the only nationally-elected official in the government,
only the president can weigh all the factors that go into
determining whether or not it is in the national economic
interest to do so," he said in a prepared address to the
University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business.
    Yeutter was commenting on proposed changes in the law which
would transfer to the trade representative much of the current
retaliatory power held by the White House, which has been the
target of congressional dissatisfaction on trade issues.
 Reuter

Morocco will tender Thursday for
120,000 to 210,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat, cheapest variety
preferred, for May and June shipments under PL 480, private
export sources said.
    The tender will consist of three lots of up to 70,000
tonnes each for shipment May 1-30, May 10-June 10, and May
25-June 25, they said.
 Reuter

House Agriculture Livestock, Dairy and Poultry
Subcommittee reviews Agriculture Department's meat inspection
program. (1000)
    -- Agriculture Department releases weekly world production
and trade report. (1500)
    -- Agriculture Department releases survey on agricultural
resources. (1500)
 Reuter

Maritrans GP Inc said it began an
offering of 12.25 mln depositary units representing limited
partnership interests of Maritrans Partners L.P. at 9.75 dlrs
per unit.
    After completion of the offering, Maritrans will own and
operate the tug and barge business currently owned by Sonat
Marine Inc and other subsidiaries of Sonat.
 Reuter


HONG KONG GOLD 1000 - APR 8
 local mkt (99.00 fine hk dlrs per tael)
 3,929.00 (prev clsg 3,904.00)
 international mkt (99.5 fine us dlrs per ounce)
 422.75/423.25 (420.00/420.50)




SINGAPORE RUBBER 1020 QUIET - APRIL 8
 NO 1 RSS MAY  195.25 195.75 (UNCH)
          JUNE 192.50 193.00
        PROMPT 198.75 199.75



Yugoslav government plans to stop
subsidising loss-making firms will anger hundreds of thousands
of workers, Western diplomats said.
    The law, proposed by Prime Minister Branko Mikulic, goes
into effect on July 1 and aims to end a long-standing practice
of supporting unprofitable companies. Under the law, wage cuts
will be imposed on losing enterprises, while those failing to
recover within a six-month grace period will face liquidation.
    The diplomats said Mikulic's attempt to create a market
economy is inevitable, but has still come as a shock to those
accustomed to government subsidies.
    "It was a bitter pill which had to be swallowed, but if an
overdose is taken too abruptly, it may have adverse effects on
the system," a Western diplomat said.
    He said if the law was applied too strictly it would
probably provoke a new wave of strikes and unrest.
    Yugoslavia was swept by strikes last month following the
introduction of a wage-freeze law, later amended to allow more
flexibility and some exemptions in what some political analysts
saw as a retreat by Mikulic.
    But with inflation moving towards 100 pct, trade union
leaders have asked how much more deprivation workers can take.
    The union leaders said workers thoughout the country are
already receiving salaries below limits set under existing law,
while others have received no wages at all this year because
their employers are unable to pay them.
    Workers also complain much of their income is taken in
local, state and federal taxes.
    Many others are losing their motivation to work and
confidence in government as they feel their decision-making
powers are being eroded, trade union officials said.
    Meanwhile, the official Tanjug news agency reported a paper
and cellulose factory at Ivangrad in the Montenegro republic
closed yesterday and 2,000 of its workers were given "temporary
leave."
    Tanjug said the plant had been running at a loss for the 24
years it had been in operation, and its closure was the result
of "economic necessity" rather than bankruptcy.
 REUTER

Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought a total of 5,000 tonnes of
Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for late
May/early June shipment...Results still awaited on a tender by
Jordan for 225,000 tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for
various April/Nov shipments under the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) export enhancement program...
    (Continued) - Spain will shortly sign with Saudi Arabia an
order for an undisclosed amount of barley for April/May
delivery...Sesostris, the Spanish subsidiary of the
international grain trader Dreyfus, sold 18,000 tonnes of
barley to Greece for April 14/30 delivery via Mediterranean
ports.
    Tenders - nil
    Market talk and comment - Pakistan was rumored to have
rejected offers at its tender today for an additional 6,000
tonnes of Malaysian PBD palm oil...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Thailand exported
75,160 tonnes of rice in the week ended March 31, down from
88,785 tonnes the previous week, plus concluded advance weekly
sales for 22,086 tonnes against 44,483 tonnes the previous
week...Pakistan has offered 50,000 tonnes of rice as emergency
aid in Bangladesh's current food crisis, Bangladesh commerce
ministry officials told reporters...Honduras will tender April
13 under PL-480 for U.S. and non-U.S. flag vessels to deliver
approximately 52,500 tonnes of various wheats in bulk with
laydays from June 20 through September 25, an agent for
Honduras said...
    Market talk and comment (continued) -  The Commodity Credit
Corp reallocated 5.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously
earmarked for sales of U.S wheat to cover sales of vegetable
oil to Bangladesh, plus authorized 2.0 mln dlrs in credit
guarantees to cover sales of seeds to Algeria and transferred
21.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously
earmarked for sales of U.S. corn and 5.0 mln dlrs for oilseeds
to increase available coverage on sales of U.S. poultry meat to
Iraq, the USDA said...Japan was rumored to be tendering
tomorrow, April 8, for an undisclosed amount of optional origin
wheat for June shipment...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Tunisia was rumored
to have tendered for 100,000 tonnes of optional origin soft
wheat for May/June shipments...Egypt was rumored to be
tendering tomorrow for 125,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat flour for
May/June shipment using PL-480 allocated funds...Morocco was
rumored to be tendering Thursday, April 9, for 120,000 to
210,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat for May/June shipment using PL-480
funds...Egypt was rumored to have withdrawn its tender for
200,000 tonnes of U.S. soft wheat for May/June shipment
...North Yemen was rumored to have taken 75,000 tonnes of
Australian wheat for April/May shipment and rejected U.S....
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Algeria was rumored
to be tendering overnight for optional origin corn...Taiwan was
rumored to be tendering overnight for 35,000 tonnes of U.S.
sorghum...The Philippines were rumored to have rejected offers
at a tender for 450,000 tonnes of spring wheat.
 Reuter

Energy Secretary John Herrington told
Congress that a federally chartered corporation would be the
best way to manage and operate the government's uranium
enrichment program.
    He said in a letter to Congressmen that unless the program,
now run by the Energy Department, is improved, sales worth five
billion dlrs could be lost between 1990 and 2000.
    The program now has annual commercial sales of about one
billion dlrs and holds 50 pct of the free world market for
enrichment services.
    A department official said the world market for enriched
uranium for reactors for power utilities is increasingly
competitive and private entity could better tap it.
    The Administration's plan to spin off the department's 
uranium enrichment operation is in line with it effort to
reduce the federal government's role in areas where it feels
private enterprise could be more efficient.
 reuter

The Reagan administration is secretly
developing plans for an early deployment of President Reagan's
controversial "Star Wars" anti-missile system, according to a
Senate study.
    "Near-term deployment is an absurd and dangerous course for
America," said Sen. Bennett Johnston in a statement issued with
the report. "It would force us to break the bank, throw out the
ABM treaty and commit us to an arms race in space."
    The Reagan administration is engaged in an internal debate
over the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), as the land and
space-based anti-missile system is called, and may decide later
this month to reinterpret the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile
treaty to justify an acceleration of SDI research to include
development and space testing.
    Johnston, of Louisiana, and fellow Democrat William
Proxmire of Wisconsin, whose staff prepared the report, accused
the administration of covertly seeking early  deployment as a
political ploy to commit the United States to strategic
defenses even after Reagan leaves office in 1989.
    "This report exposes the fact that without a presidential
directive or congressional consent, the SDI program ... is
being changed to pursue a near-term deployment of strategic
defenses," Proxmire, chairman of the powerful Senate
Appropriations Defense Subcommittee, said.
    "In other words, they're covertly reorienting the SDI
program without congressional approval."
  
 Reuter

Moody's Investors Service Inc said the
credit quality of corporate bond issuers continued to decline
in first quarter of 1987.
    Of all corporate ratings changes during the quarter, 66 pct
were downgrades compared with 55 pct during all of 1986.
    Moody's said downgrades led upgrades last quarter by two to
one. It downgraded 50 companies, affecting 61 billion dlrs of
debt and upgraded 25 companies, affecting 9 billion dlrs of
debt.
    It said more than half of the quarter's downgrades were in
the industrial sector, affecting 25 billion dlrs of debt.
    Moody's said that continued leveraged buyouts and
restructuring among small and medium-sized companies will
account for up to one-quarter of coporate debt downgrades.
    Worldwide competition and overcapacity will continue to
take its toll on industrial companies, Moody's added. It said
intensifying competition in an environment of slow economic
growth, Moody's predicts 2.5 pct worldwide growth in 1987, will
lower returns and margins for many multinational firms.
    Bank and finance company downgrades outpaced upgrades by 16
to 6 respectively. It said this trend will continue because of
Latin American debt problems.
 Reuter

Ameritrust Corp said it is
introducing a pooled investment fund for IRA's and other
retirement accounts, called the Collective INvestment
Retirement Fund.
    The fund will operate much like a mutual fund and will
allow initial investments as low as 250 dlrs, it said.
 Reuter

New Zealand's unemployment rate was
3.9 pct of the workforce in the quarter ended December 31,
unchanged from a revised 3.9 pct (preliminary 3.8 pct) in the
previous quarter but slightly above 3.8 pct in the year-earlier
quarter, the Statistics Department said.
    The Department, citing the Household Labour Force Survey,
said in a statement the number of unemployed in October-
December 1986 was 61,500 against 60,500 in the September
quarter and 60,500 a year earlier.
 REUTER


SINGAPORE RUBBER OPENING - APRIL 8
 NOMINAL
 ONES MAY  195.25 195.75 (PREV CLSG 195.50 196.00)
     JUNE  192.50 193.00 (192.50 193.00)
   PROMPT  198.75 199.75 (199.00 200.00 NOM)



The dollar ended with modest net losses
against most major currencies as the market conducted a final
round of position-squaring ahead of tomorrow's crucial Group of
Five and Group of Seven meetings, dealers said.
    "The dollar was trendless today. People are waiting to see
if anything new comes from the meetings tomorrow and will then
take it from there," said one dealer at a top European bank.
    As a result, generally supportive comments by Federal
Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance Minister
Kiichi Miyazawa went largely unheeded.
    The dollar closed at 145.60/70 yen, down from 145.85/90.
    However, the dollar's yen closing level was comfortably
above its overseas low of just under 145 yen. Against the mark,
the dollar finished at 1.8270/80 marks after falling to 1.8180
in Europe and ending at 1.8260/70 here yesterday.
    In Congressional testimony this morning, Fed Chairman Paul
Volcker harped on his long-held fears about the potentially
catastrophic fallout from a sharp dollar decline.
    He also said the dollar's fall, thus far, should be "large
enough, in a context of a growing world economy and fiscal
restraint in the U.S., to support widespread expectations of a
narrowing in the real trade deficit in the period ahead."
    The market impact of Volcker's comments was minimal. "It
was the same old story. Volcker was just fulfilling his role as
a defender of the currency," said one trader.
    The market was similarly dismissive of Japanese Finance
Minister Kiichi Miyazawa's upbeat appraisal of his hour-long
conversation with U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker this
afternoon.
    Miyazawa said that they both agreed on the need for
currency stabilization and that he was satisfied with the role
the U.S. has played in coordinated international efforts to
prop up the dollar since the late February Paris agreement.
    "Miyazawa can talk until he's blue in the face. The only
person who will make a difference is Baker," said Alan Rose of
First Interstate Bank in Los Angeles.
    "The key question for the currency market is whether the
(Reagan) administration will have a change of view to the
dollar. If not, the dollar is going lower," he added.
    The dollar's recent tumble to a 40-year low of 144.70 yen
was linked to the market's perception that Washington was
unhappy with the rate of adjustment of world trade imbalances
and that a continued orderly dollar decline was the least
disruptive way of accelerating the process.
    While most analysts do not expect any marked change of
attitude in Washington, they were reluctant to open any fresh
positions until later in the week.
    "We are reserving judgement for the time being," said Doug
Madison of Commerzbank Ag.
    The tranquility of the dollar market spread to sterling
trading today. The pound ended unchanged against the dollar at
1.6175/85 and edged up to 2.957 marks from 2.955 yesterday.
    However, underlying sentiment remains positive after a U.K.
opinion poll gave the ruling Conservative party its highest
popularity rating since it was re-elected in 1983.
    "Sterling still seems to be on the firm side," said one
dealer.
    The Canadian currency also retained a generally stronger
tone, rising to 1.3055/60 to its U.S. counterpart from
1.3080/85 yesterday.
    According to figures provided by Morgan Guaranty Trust Co,
the dollar's trade-weighted value at midday was 5.7 pct below
average market rates in 1980-82, compared with 5.5 pct
yesterday.
 Reuter

Red Lion Inns L.P. said it began an
initial public offering of 4.9 mln units priced at 20 dlrs a
unit.
    Proceeds and a 105.87 mln dlrs mortgage loan will be used
to finance the acquisition of 10 Red Lion hotels, it said.
    
 Reuter

Lawmakers from Ontario asked their U.S.
counterparts to exempt Canada from the mandatory trade
retaliation provisions in a major trade bill being considered
by the U.S. congress.
    MONTREAL - Consolidated-Bathurst Inc said it expects
improvement in the pulp and paper sector shown in the second
half of 1986 to continue this year.
    MONTREAL - Alcan Aluminium Ltd set up a new business
development position in Europe to be managed by its
Geneva-based Alcan Alumium S.A. unit.
    TORONTO - Trilon Financial Corp said the Canadian
government is sympathetic to Trilon's concerns about possible
limits placed on its expansion by government proposals to
deregulate financial institutions.
    MONTREAL - Diamond-Bathurst Inc should return to
profitability this year after reporting a 6.2 mln U.S. dlr loss
in 1986, CB Pak Inc, which owns 45 pct of the company, said.
 Reuter

Interface Flooring Systems Inc said
it began a public offering of 2.8 mln shares of Class A stock
at 21.25 dlrs a share.
    Proceeds will be used to finance the acquisition of 50 pct
of Debron Investments PLC and to reduce debt.
 Reuter

TCW Convertible Securities Fund Inc
said its board declared an initial quarterly dividend of three
cents per share, payable April 30 to shareholders of record
April 17.
    TCW said it anticipates paying a regular quarterly
dividend. The company made its initial public stock offering
March five.
 Reuter

The dollar opened easier against major
currencies on underlying negative sentiment, but is likely to
move marginally ahead of expected meetings of leading Finance
Ministers in Washington this week, dealers said.
    The dollar is expected to move between 145.00 and 145.60
yen today as operators avoid taking big positions, despite low
expectations from any Washington talks, dealers said. The
dollar's upward potential looks limited as selling interest
appears strong around 145.60 yen, they said.
    The dollar opened at 145.33 yen against 145.60/70 in New
York and 145.25 at the close here yesterday.
    The dollar opened at 1.8245/50 marks against 1.8270/80 in
New York. Sterling was unchanged from New York's 1.6175/85 dlr
finish.
    The market is generally sceptical about the outcome of any
G-5 or G-7 meeting in Washington and the dollar is likely to
come under selling pressure which could push it towards 140 yen
if no significant measures to stabilise currencies emerge,
dealers said.
    They said Japan is expected to try to strengthen the Paris
accord on currency stability, but added they expect
disagreement between Japan and other nations.
    Japanese officials travelling with Finance Minister Kiichi
Miyazawa told Reuters the G-7 will meet today, but currency
target zones or reference ranges will not be discussed.
    The Bank of Japan bought a small amount of dollars shortly
after the opening at around 145.30 yen, when a medium-sized
trading house started to sell the dollar, dealers said.
    The dollar opened at 1.5140/47 Swiss francs against
1.5145/55 in New York.
 REUTER


SYDNEY GREASY WOOL CASH SETT OPEN CONTRACT - April 8 the sydney
greasy wool has been substituted by the greasy wool cash
settlement quotes. APR      45 JUN      7 AUG      36 OCT     
41 DEC      20 FEB      11 APR JUN AUG TOTAL    160 DELIVERABLE
STOCK 36



The Reserve Bank said it will offer
400 mln N.Z. Dlrs in government bonds of two differing
maturities at a 14 pct coupon at a bond tender on April 15.
    The bank said it will offer 200 mln dlrs of bonds maturing
March 1990 and 200 mln dlrs of bonds maturing July 1992.
    The bond tender is the first for the fiscal year ending on
March 31 1988. A full bond tender program for the year has not
yet been announced.
 REUTER


SPOT RATES FROM BANK OF TOKYO - APRIL 08
         TTS    TTB          TTS    TTB            TTS    TTB
 USD   146.30 144.30  NKR   21.65  20.95  P.ESC    1.06   1.00
 CAN.D 112.81 109.61  SKR   23.32  22.42  BAHT     5.74   5.58
 STG   239.10 231.10  AUD  105.95 100.95  I.RUP   11.85  11.11
 DMK    80.21  78.81  NZD   86.24  81.14  P.RUP    8.85   8.45
 SFR    96.87  95.07  LIT   11.48  10.88  KW.D   540.43 524.43
 FFR    24.32  23.52  ASC   11.49  11.19  S.RL    39.55  37.95
 DGL    71.12  69.92  HKD   19.06  18.20  UA.D    40.24  38.88
 BFR.C 389.10 380.50  RIN   59.15  57.49  Q.RL    40.60  39.24
 BFR.F 388.68 378.48  SIN   68.85  67.19  ECU    167.85 162.85
 DKR    21.47  20.77  PTS  115.77 111.97  RBL    229.91 226.91



Simex currency futures eased in early
dealings, after a higher opening in quiet and cautious trading,
dealers said.
    They said operators were unwilling to take large positions
ahead of the expected group of seven ministers meeting in
Washington today.
    Participants also were cautious because of persistent Bank
of Japan dollar buying intervention, with dollar supportive
comments by Federal Reserve chairman and Japan's Finance
Minister having little impact, dealers said.
    June mark eased to around 0.5500 dlrs from a 0.5510 opening
and Chicago's 0.00501 and yen to 0.006910 against 0.006920 and
0.006913. About 200 lots of mark and 65 lots of yen were
traded.
    June Sterling was indicated at 1.6075/85 dlrs against
Chicago's 1.6080 with no business seen in the first trading
hour.
    Speculative buying helped Nikkei Stock Average Index
futures to firm in early trading, after a lower opening
following weaker New York stock market. June firmed  to 22,920
from a 22,550 low and 22,895 here yesterday with about 400 lots
exchanged.
    Gold futures remained idle. REUTER


SINGAPORE RUBBER 1045 SLIGHTLY STEADIER - APRIL 8
 NO 1 RSS  MAY   196.00 196.50 (UP 0.75)
           JUNE  193.00 193.50
         PROMPT  199.50 200.50



President Reagan ordered a high-level review
of U.S. Embassy security amid rising concern over a sex-and-spy
scandal in the Moscow embassy which he said had wide
implications. At the same time he said Soviet diplomats will
not be allowed to use their new embassy in Washington until the
U.S. Embassy in Moscow was made secure.
    BAHRAIN - Iranian forces have renewed their assault on
Iraqi lines defending the southern city of Basra and gained
what Baghdad described as "footholds" on Iraqi territory.
    BEIRUT - Syria intervened to halt months of fighting over
Palestinian refugee camps besieged by Amal militia.
    CAIRO - The ruling National Democratic Party of President
Hosni Mubarak took 75 pct of the seven mln votes cast in
Monday's general election, but incomplete official results
indicated some Socialist and Moslem Brotherhood gains.
    WASHINGTON - U.S. And NATO forces are monitoring what seems
to be the largest deployment of Soviet attack submarines in the
Western Atlantic since 1985, the Pentagon said.
    ROME - Partners in Italy's collapsing coalition government
headed for a showdown in a parliamentary vote of confidence.
    PARIS - France's conservative government won as expected a
parliamentary vote of confidence sought by Prime Minister
Jacques Chirac on his general policies.
    ROME - Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres discussed the
Middle East with Palestinian and Soviet officials at a
Socialist International committee meeting here.
    WASHINGTON - Jordanian Prime Minister Zaid al-Rifa'i said
he had made progress in talks with U.S. Secretary of State
George Shultz on the possibility of convening an international
conference on Middle East peace.
    BELFAST - A British soldier was shot and seriously hurt in
Northern Ireland and buses and lorries were hijacked and set on
fire after mourners clashed with police at an Irish Republican
Army funeral.
 REUTER


BANGKOK RICE 1 - APRIL 8
 Offered prices in U.S. Dlrs per tonne
 FOB basis Bangkok
                       ASSOCIATION    TRADER
 Fragrant rice
 100 pct 1st class         unq         300
 100 pct 2nd class         unq         290
 100 pct 3rd class         unq         280
 White rice
 100 pct 1st class         258         253
 100 pct 2nd class         228         223
 100 pct 3rd class         223         218
   5 pct                   213         208
  10 pct                   208         203
  15 pct                   203         198
  20 pct                   195         190
  25 pct                   190         185
  35 pct                   185         180



The French government won, as expected, a
vote of parliamentary confidence sought by Prime Minister
Jacques Chirac on his general policies.
    Votes from Chirac's Gaullist RPR party and its junior
partner in the ruling coalition, the centre-right UDF, gave
Chirac's cabinet a slim majority in the National Assembly.
    A total of 294 deputies in the 577-member assembly voted to
support Chirac, with 282 voting against. One member was absent.
    The Socialists, Communists and the extreme-right National
Front voted against the prime minister's call.
 REUTER

The union representing 7,000 pilots at
United Airlines is proposing wage cuts of up to 25 pct to help
finance a 4.5 billion dlr employee buyout of the nation's
second largest air carrier.
    In a television link-up of 10,000 employees at 11 sites
nationwide, the Air Line Pilots Association unveiled details of
a planned employee stock ownership plan for United, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of UAL Inc.
    The proposed wage cuts would affect senior pilots the most,
although the other 53,000 workers employed by United would also
be asked to accept less pay.
    In addition, the union is asking its pilots to invest
one-third of the union pension fund's 1.1 billion dlrs in the
proposed employee-owned company.
    In an effort to get the rank and file to contribute five
pct of their earnings, United's 21-member master executive
council donated 150,000 dlrs in cash and committed 2.1 mln dlrs
in pension fund assets for acquisition of new preferred shares.
 REUTER

Lac Minerals Ltd's exploration spending
will rise this year to 25 mln dlrs from 16.3 mln dlrs last
year, the gold miner said in its annual report.
    The 1987 budget involves 16 mln dlrs for advanced
exploration on a tin project in New Brunswick, Bousquet mine
number two in Quebec and the Ortiz property in New Mexico, and
nine mln dlrs for pure exploration.
    Total capital and exploration spending will rise this year
to about 130 mln dlrs from 98 mln dlrs last year, with 77 mln
dlrs of the 1987 amount set for the Page-Williams mine in
Hemlo, Ontario, Lac said.
    A decision is imminent on Lac's appeal of an Ontario court
ruling last year ordering Lac to hand over Page-Williams to
&lt;International Corona Resources Ltd>.
    Lac's total 1986 gold production rose to 478,394 ounces
from 265,925 ounces the previous year. Production excluding
Page-Williams eased last year to 245,232 ounces from 255,556
ounces in 1985.
 Reuter


API PETROLEUM REPORT -ADDITIONAL STATISTICS
                                                 CHANGE ON
PRODUCT          04/03/87    03/27/87  04/04/86  WEEK   YEAR
CRUDE OUTPUT      8.431       8.431     9.002    ----  -0.571
RESID OUTPUT        970         948       925      22      45



Qtly div eight cts vs seven cts prior
    Payable May 15
    Record APril 29
 Reuter


said it received an Alberta court order extending to April 20
from April six the filing of a plan of arrangement with the
court under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act.
    It said the order also extended the stay of legal
proceedings against the company to May 20 and provided for
shareholders' and creditors' meetings by May 15.
 Reuter

Dutch Finance Minister Onno Ruding
said there was a growing feeling in the World Bank and the
International Monetary Fund that commercial banks and debtor
countries should take a greater lead in assembling new
financing packages.
    "The IMF and the Bank may be less inclined to put together
large packages like Mexico," Ruding told reporters in a briefing
on this week's semi-annual IMF and World Bank talks.
    Ruding, who is also chairman of the IMF's policy-making
Interim Committee, said he was reflecting a feeling within the
two institutions.
    Asked whether his comments reflected a feeling the
institutions were being unduly pressured by the Reagan
administration, Ruding replied "we should not go in the
direction of politicisation of the two institutions."
    Ruding said "no country large or small should push in that
direction."  He said he expected commercial bank lending to
debtors to come in for some criticism for the slow pace of
lending recently. Ruding also said he did not expect any major
initiatives to develop a larger commercial bank role in the
debt strategy or any new proposals for dealing with the debt
crisis itself.
    In other remarks, Ruding said many countries supported a
General Capital Increase for the World Bank and he expected
Bank president Barber Conable also to express his support.
    The U.S. has said it is opposed to a GCI at present.
    Ruding said the Interim Committee Communique would support
the use of indicators to assist multilateral surveillance but
would stop short of supporting U.S. proposals for automatic
consultations if indicators were sharply out of line with
policy objectives. Monetary sources say the U.S. has suggested
establishing "norms" or automatic triggers for consultations
among industrial states if policies deviate from plan.
    Currently the plan also has the support of France, the
Netherlands and Italy while Britain, Japan and West Germany are
all opposed.
 Reuter


TODAY IN WASHINGTON FOR WEDNESDAY APRIL 8 (TIMES EST/GMT)
    NO ECONOMIC INDICATORS...
    PRESIDENT REAGAN MEETS U.S.-CANADA FREE TRADE GROUP
(1000/1400), ADVISORY CMTE ON TRADE NEGOTIATIONS (1400/1800)..
    BANK GROUP OF 5 FINANCE MINISTERS EXPECTED TO MEET IN
MORNING; GROUP OF 7 EXPECTED TO MEET IN AFTERNOON. MINISTERS OF
GROUP OF 24 ALSO MEET. COMMUNIQUE IS EXPECTED (NO TIMES)...
    SENATE INTELLIGENCE CMTE TELEVISED HEARING INTO NOMINATION
OF FBI DIRECTOR WEBSTER TO HEAD CIA (1000/1400)...
    BUDGET DIRECTOR MILLER AT HOUSE APPROPRIATIONS SUBCMTE
(1000/1400)...HOUSE OPENS DEBATE ON 1988 BUDGET PLAN
(1000/1400)...
 REUTER




TOKYO RUBBER (YEN PER KILO) - APRIL 08
          PREV     OPG    1045    1345    1445    CLSG  
OPN/INT
 APR     122.3    122.3
 MAY     124.3    123.5
 JUN     125.2    124.6
 JUL     125.7    125.4
 AUG     126.7    125.9
 SEP     126.9    126.7
 OCT     126.7    126.6
 NOV     127.5    127.8
 DEC     127.8    128.2
 T/O     1,341
 OPN/TTL27,565



THE BANK OF KOREA SAID IT FIXED THE
MIDRATE OF THE WON AT 844.30 TO THE DOLLAR, ITS HIGHEST LEVEL
SINCE FEBRUARY 26, 1985, WHEN IT WAS 843.90.
    THE WON WAS SET at 845.50 YESTERDAY.
    THE WON HAS RISEN 2.03 PCT AGAINST THE DOLLAR SO FAR THIS
YEAR, AFTER RISING 3.34 PCT IN 1986.
 REUTER


SINGAPORE RUBBER 1135 QUIET - APRIL 8
 NO 1 RSS MAY  195.75 (UP 1.25)
         JUNE  192.25 192.75
       PROMPT  198.75 199.75



A survey of 19 provinces and seven cities
showed vermin consume between seven and 12 pct of China's grain
stocks, the China Daily said.
    It also said that each year 1.575 mln tonnes, or 25 pct, of
China's fruit output are left to rot, and 2.1 mln tonnes, or up
to 30 pct, of its vegetables. The paper blamed the waste on
inadequate storage and bad preservation methods.
    It said the government had launched a national programme to
reduce waste, calling for improved technology in storage and
preservation, and greater production of additives. The paper
gave no further details.
 REUTER


NYMEX ESTIMATED VOLUMES/APRIL 7 MONTH     CRUDE OIL     HEATING
OIL    UNLEADED GASOLINE
MAY       16,175          3,282               3,215     
JUNE      15,789          2,493               3,449     
JULY       7,175            793               1,358     
AUGUST     2,665            325                 388     
SEPTEMBER  1,403            159                 104     
OCTOBER      136             40                  42     
NOVEMBER     118              3                  19     
DECEMBER     750             86                  33     
JANUARY      170              2               -----     
TOTAL     44,380          7,268               8,693     



U.S. Interest rate futures opened
slightly lower on underlying weakness of the U.S. Dollar,
dealers said.
    Sentiment was also dampened by a firmer federal funds rate
and stable oil prices. Remarks by Federal Chairman Paul Volcker
and Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa on the need for
foreign exchange stability had little impact on the market,
they said.
    June eurodollar opened at 93.26 below Chicago's close of
93.29 and September at 93.18 below 93.21 with around 720 lots
traded.
    June T-bond futures opened at 97.02 below Chicago's close
of 97.08 on early turnover of 15 lots.
    REUTER

Nippon Mining Co Ltd said it lowered its
selling price for electrolytic copper by 10,000 yen per tonne
to 260,000, effective immediately.
 REUTER

Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) Vice Minister Makoto Kuroda leaves for
Washington today with data he hopes will refute U.S. Charges
Japan has violated a pact on microchip trade.
    A three-man Japanese trade team is already in Washington
laying the groundwork for talks between Kuroda and Deputy U.S.
Trade Representative Michael Smith aimed at persuading the U.S.
Not to impose tariffs on certain Japanese products.
    But Kuroda said he is taking no new proposals. "I have
nothing in my briefcase except an explanation of the current
situation," Kuroda told the daily newspaper Asahi Shimbun.
    Kuroda said the U.S. Decision was based on incorrect data
and an exaggerated sense of MITI's power to control market
forces. "The U.S. Has excessive expectations. To stabilise
supply-demand relations which have been disrupted by excess
inventories since 1985 will take some time," he said.
    Kuroda also laid part of the blame for low U.S. Chip sales
in Japan on a lack of effort by American firms here.
    He said if he fails in talks tomorrow and Friday to
forestall sanctions, he will seek further talks with U.S. Trade
Representative Clayton Yeutter. U.S. Officials said this week's
talks are unlikely to delay imposition of tariffs.
 REUTER

The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) will revise its long-term energy supply/demand
outlook by August to meet a forecast downtrend in Japanese
energy demand, ministry officials said.
    MITI is expected to lower the projection for primary energy
supplies in the year 2000 to 550 mln kilolitres (kl) from 600
mln, they said.
    The decision follows the emergence of structural changes in
Japanese industry following the rise in the value of the yen
and a decline in domestic electric power demand.
    MITI is planning to work out a revised energy supply/demand
outlook through deliberations of committee meetings of the
Agency of Natural Resources and Energy, the officials said.
    They said MITI will also review the breakdown of energy
supply sources, including oil, nuclear, coal and natural gas.
    Nuclear energy provided the bulk of Japan's electric power
in the fiscal year ended March 31, supplying an estimated 27
pct on a kilowatt/hour basis, followed by oil (23 pct) and
liquefied natural gas (21 pct), they noted.
 REUTER

The Bundesbank accepted bids for 6.1
billion marks at today's tender for a 28-day securities
repurchase pact at a fixed rate of 3.80 pct, a central bank
spokesman said.
    Banks, which bid for a total 12.2 billion marks liquidity,
will be credited with the funds allocated today and must buy
back securities pledged on May 6.
    Some 14.9 billion marks will drain from the market today as
an earlier pact expires, so the Bundesbank is effectively
withdrawing a net 8.1 billion marks from the market with
today's allocation.
    A Bundesbank spokesman said in answer to enquiries that the
withdrawal of funds did not reflect a tightening of credit
policy, but was to be seen in the context of plentiful
liquidity in the banking system.
    Banks held an average 59.3 billion marks at the Bundesbank
over the first six days of the month, well clear of the likely
April minimum reserve requirement of 51 billion marks.
    The Bundesbank spokesman noted that by bidding only 12.2
billion marks, below the outgoing 14.9 billion, banks
themselves had shown they felt they had plenty of liquidity.
    Dealers said the Bundesbank is keen to prevent too much
liquidity accruing in the market, as that would blunt the
effectiveness of the security repurchase agreement, its main
open-market instrument for steering market interest rates. Two
further pacts are likely this month over the next two weeks.
    The Bundesbank is currently steering call money between 3.6
and 3.8 pct, although short-term fluctuations outside that
range are possible, dealers said.
 REUTER

The House Armed Services Committee
last night proposed cutting President Reagan's funding request
for the Strategic Defence Initiative program by 1.7 billion
dlrs to 3.5 billion.
    The committee also cut by more than half the amount the
president requested for a rail system for strategic missiles.
It approved 250 mln dlrs for the project during its
consideration of the 1988 defence authorisation bill.
    The committee's proposals must be adopted by the full House
and Senate before becoming law. The administration's total
request for 1988 defence spending was 312 billion dlrs.
 REUTER

Mines and Energy Minister Subroto
confirmed Indonesian support for an extension of the sixth
International Tin Agreement (ITA), but said a new pact was not
necessary.
    Asked by Reuters to clarify his statement on Monday in
which he said the pact should be allowed to lapse, Subroto said
Indonesia was ready to back extension of the ITA.
    "We can support extension of the sixth agreement," he said.
"But a seventh accord we believe to be unnecessary."
    The sixth ITA will expire at the end of June unless a
two-thirds majority of members vote for an extension.
 REUTER

South Korea's trade surplus is growing too
fast and the government has started taking steps to slow it
down, Deputy Prime Minister Kim Mahn-je said.
    He told a press conference the government planned to
increase investment, speed up the opening of the local market
to foreign imports and gradually adjust its currency to hold
the surplus "at a proper level."
    But he said the government would not allow the won to
appreciate too much in a short period of time. South Korea has
been under pressure from Washington to revalue the won.
    The U.S. Wants South Korea to cut its trade surplus with
the U.S., Which rose to 7.4 billion dlrs in 1986 from 4.3
billion dlrs in 1985.
    Kim, who is also economic planning minister, said prospects
were bright for the South Korean economy, but the government
would try to hold the current account surplus to around five
billion dlrs a year for the next five years.
    "Our government projections of eight pct GNP growth, five
billion dlrs of (current account) surplus and 12 pct growth in
exports all seemed to be reasonable early this year. But now
the surplus is growing faster than we expected," he said.
    Trade ministry officials said South Korea's exports rose 35
pct to 9.34 billion dlrs in the first three months of this
year, while imports rose only 8.5 pct to 8.2 billion dlrs.
    Kim said the swing of South Korea's current account to a
surplus of 4.65 billion dlrs in 1986 from an 890 mln dlr
deficit in 1985 was very significant. The surplus enabled the
country to reduce its foreign debt last year for the first
time.
    South Korea's foreign debt, which fell to 44.5 billion dlrs
in 1986 from 46.8 billion in 1985, is still among the largest
in Asia.
    "This huge amount of our foreign debt has been one of the
major constraints on our development... Last year was a major
turning point for the Korean economy," Kim said.
    Kim said his government plannned to reduce the ratio of
foreign debt to the country's GNP to about 20 pct in 1991, from
about 50 pct in 1986.
    "The government, however, does not want to accelerate
reducing the debt by making an excessive trade surplus," he
said.
    Kim said a sudden rise in the surplus would cause inflation
and lead to trade friction with Seoul's major trading partners,
particularly the United States.
    "We need a surplus because we have to reduce our debt, but
we are taking measures to hold the size of the surplus at a
proper level," Kim said.
 REUTER

Tug crews in New South Wales (NSW),
Victoria and Western Australia yesterday lifted their ban on
foreign-flag ships carrying containers but NSW ports are still
being disrupted by a separate dispute, shipping sources said.
    The ban, imposed a week ago over a pay claim, had prevented
the movement in or out of port of nearly 20 vessels, they said.
    The pay dispute went before a hearing of the Arbitration
Commission today.
    Meanwhile, disruption began today to cargo handling in the
ports of Sydney, Newcastle and Port Kembla, they said.
    The industrial action at the NSW ports is part of the week
of action called by the NSW Trades and Labour Council to
protest changes to the state's workers' compensation laws.
    The shipping sources said the various port unions appear to
be taking it in turn to work for a short time at the start of
each shift and then to walk off.
    Cargo handling in the ports has been disrupted, with
container movements most affected, but has not stopped
altogether, they said.
    They said they could not say how long the disruption will
go on and what effect it will have on shipping movements.
 REUTER

 said it proposes to
make a two-for-five bonus issue out of its revaluation reserve
to shareholders registered May 26.
    Shareholders will be asked to approve the issue and an
increase in authorised capital to 175 mln shares from 125 mln
at a general meeting on May 1, it said in a statement.
    The new shares will rank for dividends declared after
October 31. Amatil, in which B.A.T. Industries Plc &lt;BTI.L>
holds a 41 pct stake, said it does not expect to maintain its
latest annual dividend rate of 29 cents a share on the enlarged
capital.
 REUTER

The outcome of today's European Community
(EC) white sugar tender is extremely difficult to predict after
last week's substantial award of 102,350 tonnes at the highest
ever rebate of 46.864 European currency units (Ecus) per 100
kilos, traders said.
    Some said they believed the tonnage would probably be
smaller, at around 60,000 tonnes, but declined to give a view
on the likely restitution. Last week, the European Commission
accepted 785,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention by operators
protesting about low rebates. This might be a determining
factor in today's result, they added.
 REUTER

A Bank of Japan spokesman declined to
comment on a press report that the central bank had decided to
conduct closer scrutiny of the operations of financial
institutions in the bond market.
    The JIJI Press news agency had quoted Bank of Japan sources
as telling Japanese reporters the bank was deeply concerned
over potential risk in yen bond trading because the market had
risen too fast.
    However, JIJI quoted the sources as saying, the central
bank would not take such actions as guiding interest rates
higher.
    JIJI quoted the sources as saying that current bond market
yields are similar to short-term interest rates due to
excessive speculative operations.
    This was attributable to heavy redemptions of government
bonds and unclear prospects for the dollar, which has sent many
foreign bond market participants to the domestic market, the
sources were quoted as saying.
 REUTER

Shr 27.7p vs 20.7p
    Div 6.0p vs 5.5p making 10.0p vs 9.25p
    Turnover 1.34 billion stg vs 1.29 billion
    Pretax profit 48.0 mln vs 32.4 mln
    Tax 14.4 mln vs 6.9 mln
    Company name is Bowater Industries Plc &lt;BWTR.L>
    Trading profit 63.4 mln vs 45.1 mln
    Trading profit includes -
    Packaging and associated products 23.2 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Merchanting and services 18.4 mln vs 9.6 mln
    Tissue and timber products 9.0 mln vs 5.8 mln
    Interest debit 15.4 mln vs 12.7 mln
    Minority interests 7.0 mln debit vs 6.2 mln debit
    Extraordinary items 15.4 mln credit vs 11.9 mln debit
 REUTER

The economic package unveiled yesterday by
the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) marks the start of a
major shift away from the policies of the past, private
economists and government officials said.
    "A big step forward has been taken," said Industrial Bank of
Japan Ltd senior economist Susumu Taketomi.
    The package, seen as a response to mounting overseas
pressure to boost the sagging Japanese economy, calls for a
supplementary budget of more than 5,000 billion yen later this
year, plus increased imports.
    Although the measures must still gain the approval of the
Finance Ministry, economists said the government will find it
too difficult to alter the measures significantly once they
have gained domestic and overseas backing.
    "At last, the LDP and the Ministry of Finance are turning a
corner," said Sumitomo Bank Ltd's chief economist Masahiko
Koido.
    For the past five years the government has adhered to a
tight fiscal policy in its drive to stop issuing deficit
financing bonds in 1990.
    To meet that goal, spending departments are required to
submit annual budgets for current expenditure 10 pct below the
previous year and investment five pct below.
    Masayoshi Ito, chairman of the LDP's policy affairs
council, said yesterday the government must stick to its 1990
fiscal reform target, but should review the ceiling it places
on public works spending.
    Even some Finance Ministry officials privately acknowledge
that policy changes might be needed, including easing the
government's iron grip on spending.
    Economists said the government could meet its 1990 target
and also increase spending by using money it got from the sale
of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp shares and by taking
advantage of lower than expected interest rates on its debt.
Officially, the Finance Ministry is adhering to its tight
stance but some signs of change have appeared.
    "We do not have any intention of abandoning our objective to
restore fiscal balance," a Finance Ministry spokesman said.
    He said so far the ministry had tried to achieve two goals
simultaneously. These were reforming the government's fiscal
position and stimulating domestic demand.
    But the Finance Ministry spokesman added, "In looking at the
current situation of the economy and the relationship between
Japan and the United States, we feel we have to place more
emphasis on stimulating demand."
    Economists predict battles within the government over the
coming months as the Finance Ministry fights to ensure the
cracks in its policy do not lead to a complete breakdown of
fiscal discipline.
    "The Ministry is afraid that once there is a small hole in
the dike, it will lead to a flood," Industrial Bank's Taketomi
said.
    But Taketomi said the ministry, provided it has a device in
place to check excess spending for political reasons, is likely
to give the go-ahead to a shift in policy.
    "This seems to mark the first step toward a more active
fiscal policy in response to requests from the international
community," he said.
    Sumitomo's Koido said if the government quickly implements
the LDP's 5,000 billion yen package, economic growth in the
1987/88 year ending next March 31 could be around three pct,
His current forecast of 2.2 pct growth assumes a supplementary
budget of around 1,000 billion yen.
 REUTER

The number of workers employed in
the West German industrial sector stagnated in the last quarter
of 1986 as a 50,000 increase in overall employment benefited
only the services branch, the DIW economic institute said.
    A DIW report added the general downturn in the economy
since last Autumn had had a negative effect on the willingness
of firms to take on workers. It referred to a marked downturn
in the number of workers taken on in the capital goods sector.
    New orders for manufacturing industry goods have mostly
fallen or stagnated in recent months, but data for February
finally showed a reversal of the trend, with a 1.9 pct rise.
 REUTER

Malaysia is unlikely to meet its
targeted output of five mln tonnes of oil palm in calendar
1987, oil palm growers told Reuters.
    Output in 1987 is expected to reach around 4.5 mln tonnes,
unchanged from 1986, because of drought, low use of fertiliser
and overstressed palms, they said.
    The growers were asked for their reaction to an Oil World
newsletter report that Malaysia's oil palm output is likely to
drop sharply this year.
    Palm oil now sells at around 700 ringgit a tonne, or about
115 ringgit less than soybean oil, but Malaysia must sell more
palm oil to prevent a stock buildup that could damage the
industry, a leading grower told Reuters.
    The country's palm oil stocks now total some 500,000 tonnes
against about 800,000 last March, the growers said.
    The growers expect palm oil prices to ease later this year
due to pressure from South American and U.S. Soybean output.
    The current South American oilseed harvest, mainly soybean,
is likely to be around 25.7 mln tonnes against the previous
21.7 mln tonne crop, they said.
    In addition, new U.S. Soybean plantings are also expected
to enter the market around November when Malaysian palm oil
output peaks.
    They said new planting of palms is also likely to slow,
with some 50,000 hectares expected to be planted with new trees
against 100,000 in 1986, although the effects of this reduction
will not be felt for about another three years.
 REUTER

 has
joined several other foreign bidders for sequestered shares of
the Philippines' largest food and beverage maker San Miguel
Corp &lt;SANM.MN>, the head of a government panel which controls
the shares told Reuters.
    Ramon Diaz, Secretary of the Presidential Commission on
Good Government (PCGG), said Anheuser-Busch had told the
government it was interested in buying 14 mln "B" shares of San
Miguel. He did not disclose the offered price.
    Diaz said Australian brewer Alan Bond's Bond Corp Holdings
Ltd had offered 150 pesos per share for the "B" shares.
    Diaz said New York investment bank Allen and Co Inc had
earlier said it was interested in buying all 38.1 mln
sequestered shares. He told Reuters last month Elders IXL Ltd
&lt;ELXA.S>, the Melbourne-based brewing company, had also bid for
the "B" shares.
    The Hong Kong Economic Journal last month quoted a
spokesman of Australian stock broker Jacksons Ltd as saying
that &lt;Barwon Farmlands Ltd>, an Australian firm owned 30 pct by
&lt;Ariadne Australia Ltd>, was planning a Filipino branch in
order to buy the entire block of 38.1 mln shares.
    Anheuser-Busch last year made a 150 mln dlr bid to buy &lt;San
Miguel Brewery Ltd>, a Hong Kong listed company which is 69.65
pct owned by &lt;Neptunia Corp Ltd>, a San Miguel Corp subsidiary.
    The talks broke down last June after the two sides said
they could not agree on the terms of the sale.
 REUTER

 and Atlas
Consolidated Mining and Development Corp &lt;ATLC.MN> are still
holding talks on a bail-out package for the troubled mining
firm, an Atlas statement said.
    Atlas, the Philippines' biggest copper producer, said it
had been hit by depressed world copper prices. It reported a
net loss of 976.38 mln pesos in the year ending December 1986,
compared with a net loss of 1.53 billion in 1985.
    The company said it had been able to cut its losses because
its scaled-down copper operations in the central island of Cebu
started in the second half of 1986.
    Atlas said negotiations were continuing on the acquisition
by Bond of the company's existing bank loans and their
restructuring into a gold loan.
    A memorandum of understanding signed by the two sides in
October last year said Bond would acquire Atlas' total loans of
275 mln dlrs, to be repaid by the mining company in gold.
    Atlas said the two sides were also discussing equity
infusion into Atlas and the creation of a development fund for
further exploration and development of the company's gold
properties in the central province of Masbate.
    Wilson Banks, general manager of &lt;Bond Corp International
Ltd> in Hong Kong, told Reuters the Atlas statement on the
negotiations was "reasonably accurate."
    Banks said Bond Corp was seriously considering several
investments in the Philippines but did not give details.
    In its statement, Atlas said development of the pre-World
War Two underground mines in Masbate had been accelerated and
the ore tonnage had increased, extending the operation's life
at least until 1993.
 REUTER

A top U.S. Official said Japan has little
chance of convincing the U.S. To drop threatened trade
sanctions, despite the efforts of a Japanese team that left for
Washington today.
    Michael Armacost, Under Secretary of State for Political
Affairs, was asked at a press conference whether Japan's moves
to boost its domestic economy and open its markets could
persuade the U.S. Not to impose tariffs on Japanese imports
said, and replied: "...It is probably too early for the figures
to demonstrate that the situation has turned around and to
permit the result you have described."
    Armacost said the U.S. Hopes Japan will take steps to lift
its domestic economy and reduce dependence on exports, remove
barriers to imports and settle outstanding trade issues.
    "There are obvious problems at the moment in the trade area,
but we do not wish those problems to divert attention from
important areas of cooperation that continue to exist on
security and political issues," he said.
    "The question is whether through cooperative actions between
our governments we can reduce the (trade) imbalance or whether
Congress takes action to reduce it through protectionist
legislation," he said.
 REUTER

 1986
pretax profits of 48.0 mln stg exceeded market expectations of
around 40 mln and pushed the company's shares up sharply to a
high of 491p from 468p last night, dealers said.
    The shares later eased back to 481p. Bowater reported a
32.4 mln stg profit in 1985.
    The company said in a statement accompanying the results
that the underlying trend showed improvement and it intended to
expand further by developing existing businesses and seeking
new opportunities.
    It added that it had appointed David Lyon, currently
managing director of Redland Plc &lt;RDLD.L> as its new chief
executive.
    Analysts noted that Bowater's profits of 18.9 mln stg from
13.2 mln previously had been given a boost by pension benefits
of 4.5 mln stg.
    Profit from Australia and the Far East showed the greatest
percentage rise, jumping 55.0 pct to 15.5 mln from 10.0 mln,
while the profit from U.K. Operations rose 30.7 pct to 24.7
mln, and Europe, 42.9 pct to 11.0 mln.
 REUTER

North Yemen has called a buying tender
for Saturday for the purchase of 30,000 tonnes of white sugar
for arrival in June, traders said.
 REUTER

The South Korean stock market seems to be
consolidating following government measures to cool its rapid
rise this year, domestic and foreign analysts said.
    The composite index hit a record 405.13 early last week,
nearly 50 pct up from the New Year when it stood at 264.82, but
plunged to a 383.48 close on April 3, the day after the
government intervened.
    Under the measures, industrial firms with bank loans worth
50 billion won or more must either offer new shares or issue
convertible bonds to repay the loans.
    Securities houses will have to sell shares they are holding
if the volume exceeds 40 pct of their paid-in capital. The
ceiling for investment trust firms was fixed at 50 pct.
    South Korean firms have traditionally preferred obtaining
low interest bank loans -- the current rate is 10 pct -- to
issuing bonds at a higher rate or floating share issues with
the attendant dividend pressures and launch expenses.
    The Seoul Stock Exchange, with 355 listed stocks, grew
explosively in the first three months of the year, building on
an already impressive 68.9 pct gain in 1986.
    Analysts now expect the market to pause temporarily and
then resume its upward movement, despite the indirect
government regulation.
    They said the continuous growth of the nation's gross
national product (GNP) and trade surplus, improved exports and
good performances by industrial firms all fuelled the boom.
    The trade surplus widened to 460 mln dlrs in March from 110
mln in February, while government economists expect GNP to grow
nine pct this year.
    Analysts said the deep slump in the real estate market also
increased liquidity in the stock market.
    "Many investors are still confident the market will not lose
its strength. It seems likely to pause for a while and then
rebound again," said Park Sin-bom, a director of Lucky
Securities Co.
    "There are more positive factors than negative. The market
is still buoyed by ample liquidity thanks to the economy's
strong performance."
    The stock market began to recover during Saturday's
half-day session with the index closing at 397.24 in active
trading on Monday, but closed lower on Tuesday at 390.24 on
turnover of 76 billion won.
    "I would say the market is flat for the time being.... It is
very prone to profit-taking after the sharp gains in the first
three months and the various government measures," a foreign
analyst said.
    "But the market will head up again after a rest because the
fundamentals are expected to rise and investors will be as
bullish as ever at the slightest sign of a market recovery."
    He added that the newly launched 30 mln dlr Korea Europe
Fund would have an impact on the South Korean stock market,
despite its small volume compared with the 5.72 trillion won of
listed capital on the Seoul exchange.
    Local dealers recommend blue chips and financial shares as
these stand to benefit most from continuing trade friction
between the United States and Japan and the rumoured
restructuring of local finance houses.
    Dealers also cite the shares of domestically oriented
firms, which are less vulnerable to the effects of the gradual
appreciation of the won.
 REUTER

European Community (EC) members of the
International Tin Council, except Britain, have said they are
prepared to back an extension of the International Tin
Agreement, an EC spokesman said.
    He said at a meeting of EC states' representatives here
yesterday, Britain undertook to communicate its own decision to
its partners today. It said it was not ready yesterday to take
a stand but did not say why.
    He added nine other EC states backed an extension. Spain
and Portugal, which are not members of the International Tin
Council, raised no objections to a common EC stance in favour.
 REUTER

Dansk Naturgas A/S is issuing a 10
billion yen eurobond due May 13, 1993 paying 4-5/8 pct and
priced at 101-5/8 pct, lead manager IBJ International Ltd said.
    The non-callable bond is available in denominations of one
mln yen and will be listed in Luxembourg. The selling
concession is 1-1/4 pct while management and underwriting
combined pays 5/8 pct. The issue is guaranteed by Denmark.
    The payment date is May 13.
 REUTER

, a New York
listed New Orleans-based natural resource, oil and gas company,
is planning to build and run a surface sulphur mine in the
central Philippines, a company statement said.
    It said Freeport officials were in the Philippines to
discuss contractual arrangements with joint venture partner
&lt;International Consultex (Philippines) Inc>.
    The statement quoted Robert Foster, president of Freeport
Sulphur Co, as saying the company was optimistic about the
proposed mine at Pamplona in Negros Oriental province, as well
as the country's investment climate.
    "The sulphur project will involve initial capital
expenditures of between 50 and 100 mln dlrs depending upon the
processing technology and the capacity of the project," Foster
said. "We anticipate that the project may employ as many as
1,000 workers in Negros Oriental."
    Freeport-McMoran's senior vice-president Rene Latiolais
said the company was also interested in gold and other precious
metals and geo-thermal energy development in the Philippines.
    The statement said Freeport, which anticipates 1987 sales
of 1.5 billion dlrs, is a major producer of sulphur, phosphate
and nitrogen fertilisers, uranium oxide and geo-thermal energy.
 REUTER


******Japan four-year note auction average yield record low 3.714 pct, stop 3.743 -official
Blah blah blah.



The U.N. Development program (UNDP) will
give Bangladesh a 6.79 mln dlr grant to undertake a detailed
study on the building of a bridge over the River Jamuna, the
official BSS news agency said.
    It said an agreement was signed here yesterday.
    Communication Ministry officials said the bridge would be
to link Dhaka with the northern areas of Bangladesh and was
expected to cost about 836 mln dlrs. They said offers of help
had been received from Saudi Arabia and the World Bank, but
they gave no details.
 REUTER

The Province of Quebec is issuing a 30
billion yen eurobond due May 7, 1997 paying five pct and priced
at 102-1/2 pct, lead manager Bank of Tokyo International Ltd
said.
    The non-callable bond is available in denominations of one
mln yen and will be listed in Luxembourg. The selling
concession is 1-1/4 pct, while management and underwriting
combined pays 3/4 pct.
    The payment date is May 7.
 REUTER

Japan and Britain have signed a memorandum
on exchange of securities market information to protect
investors and promote the integrity of securities markets,
Finance Ministry officials said.
    As interaction between Japanese and U.K. Securities markets
grows, it is desirable for both countries to exchange
supervisory and investigatory information to assist each other
in securing compliance with their statutes, rules and
requirements, the memorandum said.
    The ministry's securities bureau has a similar arrangement
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
 REUTER

The Japanese Finance Ministry said it
plans to hold formal financial talks with France on April 17 in
Tokyo, the second such meeting after a first session in May
last year. The agenda has not yet been decided.
    The Japanese side will be headed by Toyoo Gyohten, Vice
Finance Minister for International Affairs, while the French
delegation will include Daniel Lebegue, Director General of the
Treasury.
 REUTER

Australian markets are booming as foreign
fund managers redirect capital away from the United States and
other traditional markets, analysts said.
    High short-term interest rates, a bullish stock market and
an increasingly stable currency reflect a massive inflow of
fresh funds in the last two months, largely from Japanese and
U.S. Investors, analysts polled by Reuters said.
    Fund managers want quality markets to park their cash in
and have settled on Australia, Britain and Canada as they
diversify from volatile U.S. Dollar instruments, they said.
    A one percentage point fall in key 10-year bonds rates in
the past month, record share prices and a 10-month high for the
currency of 0.71 U.S. Dlrs all illustrated the inflow.
    Official figures on the latest inflow of investment capital
are not available, but brokers said they received almost daily
inquiries from Japan and the United States.
    "These people have got trillions of dollars sloshing about
and they don't know what to do with it. Some of that is ending
up here with the attraction of high interest rates and
reasonable currency stability," National Australia Bank Ltd
economist Brian Hamley said.
    "There is a 'flight to quality'," Hamley said. "Australia may
not be in the best (economic) position, but there aren't too
many other countries where you'd want to put your money."
    The stronger Australian dollar was also attracting
investors taking advantage of an appreciating currency against
the volatility of the U.S. Unit, analysts said.
    "We're looking a more favoured market than perhaps the U.S.
Where some people would be concerned about the value of the
U.S. Dollar," Lloyds Bank NZA Ltd chief economist Will Buttrose
said. "Why not put the money in Australia where entry is cheap
and the currency looks stable?"
    But turning that capital into more permanent productive
investment depends on government economic policy, he said.
    "It will only disappear if people lose confidence in the
direction in the economy," Buttrose said, adding that offshore
investors would carefully watch the government's promised tough
economic statement on May 14.
    While happy to invest in bonds and other vehicles yielding
interest unobtainable elsewhere, fund managers could just as
easily reverse the flow -- particularly the Japanese, who were
badly hurt in the past by rapid falls in the Australian dollar
and hefty jumps in bond rates, analysts said.
    "It will remain very edgy money. If something was not to be
delivered, if the statement wasn't considered tough enough, one
might see a substantial outflow," Buttrose said.
    Offshore investors are eager to see Australia take tough
economic decisions to curb its 100 billion dlr foreign debt and
stubborn current account deficit, analysts said.
    "They are giving us the benefit of the doubt and I think
they would like to leave the money here," Buttrose said.
    Reserve Bank policy has also reflected the increased
interest in investment in Australia and the need to shield
Japanese investors from rapid currency fluctuations.
    Reserve Governor Bob Johnston last week acknowledged an
element of targeting the rate against the yen in currency
policy when he said authorities could not take their "eyes off
the yen" because of the crucial role of Japanese investors.
    Analysts said they believed the Reserve Bank had worked
successfully in recent months to keep the Australian dollar
within the range of 100 to 103 yen.
    Apart from its recovery against a weak U.S. Dollar, the
Australian dollar has also risen almost three pct on a
trade-weighted basis in the last three weeks.
    Offshore buying has also played a role in the booming
Australian share market. It has followed Wall Street and other
markets, but is also setting its own trend in response to the
weight of both domestic and offshore funds pouring into
equities, particularly in the gold sector.
    The key all ordinaries index rose to a record 1,758.3
today, nearly 20 pct above its level at the end of 1986, while
the gold index has nearly doubled to a record 3,081.0 in the
same period.
    The property sector is also sought after, with Japanese
companies that have invested heavily in the United States in
recent years turning their attention to undervalued real
estate, particularly in the tourism field.
    Analysts pointed to the recent sale of Sydney's five-star
Regent Hotel to Japanese interests for more than 145 mln dlrs
as indicative of the type of property being sought.
    "They think they find good value real estate here which,
with long term and fixed capital investment, is the kind of
investment Australia needs," Buttrose added.
 REUTER

Food Department officials said the U.S.
Department of Agriculture approved the Continental Grain Co
sale of 52,500 tonnes of soft wheat at 89 U.S. Dlrs a tonne C
and F from Pacific Northwest to Colombo.
    They said the shipment was for April 8 to 20 delivery.
 REUTER

The Indonesian Commodity Exchange is
likely to start trading in at least one new commodity, and
possibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman Paian
Nainggolan said.
    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading in
palm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.
    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oil
may also be introduced. But he said the question was still
being considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and no
decision on when to go ahead had been made.
    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubber
physicals on an open outcry system four days a week.
    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said.
"We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make a
mistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."
    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffee
added in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up to
five months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five are
traded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,
exchange officials said.
    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering the
introduction of futures trading later for rubber, but one
official said a feasibility study was needed first. No
decisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April
23, traders said.
    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as the
world's second largest producer of natural rubber, should
expand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development of
the exchange would help this.
    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boost
overseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.
    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan to
encourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation would
also visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states to
encourage participation.
    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good start
although trading in coffee has been disappointing.
    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading in
April 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9
mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber delivered
locally, the latest exchange report said.
     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905
tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.
     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and
44 traders.
 REUTER

 is certain to
lose its status as Japan's most profitable bank as a result of
its merger with the Heiwa Sogo Bank, financial analysts said.
    Osaka-based Sumitomo, with desposits of around 23.9
trillion yen, merged with Heiwa Sogo, a small, struggling bank
with an estimated 1.29 billion dlrs in unrecoverable loans, in
October.
    But despite the link-up, Sumitomo President Koh Komatsu
told Reuters he is confident his bank can quickly regain its
position.
    "We'll be back in position in first place within three
years," Komatsu said in an interview.
    He said that while the merger will initially reduce
Sumitomo's profitability and efficiency, it will vastly expand
Sumitomo's branch network in the Tokyo metropolitan area where
it has been relatively weak.
    But financial analysts are divided on whether and how
quickly the gamble will pay off.
    Some said Sumitomo may have paid too much for Heiwa Sogo in
view of the smaller bank's large debts. Others argue the merger
was more cost effective than creating a comparable branch
network from scratch.
    The analysts agreed the bank was aggressive. It has
expanded overseas, entered the lucrative securities business
and geared up for domestic competition, but they questioned the
wisdom of some of those moves.
    "They've made bold moves to put everything in place. Now
it's largely out of their hands," said Kleinwort Benson Ltd
financial analyst Simon Smithson.
    Among Sumitomo's problems are limits placed on its move to
enter U.S. Securities business by taking a share in American
investment bank Goldman, Sachs and Co.
    Sumitomo last August agreed to pay 500 mln dlrs for a 12.5
pct limited partnership in the bank, but for the time being at
least, the Federal Reserve Board has forbidden them to exchange
personnel, or increase the business they do with each other.
    "The tie-up is widely looked on as a lame duck because the
Fed was stricter than Sumitomo expected," said one analyst.
    But Komatsu said the move will pay off in time.
    "U.S. Regulations will change in the near future and if so,
we can do various things. We only have to wait two or three
years, not until the 21st century," Komatsu said.
    Komatsu is also willing to be patient about possible routes
into the securities business at home.
    Article 65 of the Securities and Exchange Act, Japan's
version of the U.S. Glass-Steagall Act, separates commercial
from investment banking.
    But the walls between the two are crumbling and Komatsu
said he hopes further deregulation will create new
opportunities.
    "We need to find new business chances," Komatsu said. "In some
cases these will be securities related, in some cases trust
bank related. That's the kind of deregulation we want."
    Until such changes occur, Sumitomo will focus on such
domestic securities business as profitable government bond
dealing and strengthening relations with Meiko Securities Co
Ltd, in which it holds a five pct share, Komatsu said.
    He said Sumitomo is cautiously optimistic about entering
the securities business here through its Swiss universal bank
subsidiary, Banca del Gottardo.
     The Finance Ministry is expected to grant licences to
securities subsidiaries of U.S. Commercial banks soon,
following a similar decision for subsidiaries of European
universal banks in which the parent holds a less than 50 pct.
    But Komatsu is reluctant to push hard for a similar
decision on a Gottardo subsidiary.
    "We don't want to make waves. We expect this will be allowed
in two or three years," he said.
    Like other city banks, Sumitomo is also pushing to expand
lending to individuals and small and medium businesses to
replace disappearing demand from big business, he added.
    The analysts said Sumitomo will have to devote a lot of
time to digesting its most recent initiatives, including the
merger with ailing Heiwa Sogo.
    "It's (Sumitomo) been bold in its strategies," said
Kleinwort's Smithson.
    "After that, it's a question of absorbing and juggling
around. It will be the next decade before we see if the
strategy is right or wrong."
 REUTER

The coupon on the 75 mln dlr, 15-year,
convertible eurobond for Atari Corp has been set at 5-1/4 pct
compared with indicated range of five to 5-1/4 pct, lead
manager Paine Webber International said.
    The conversion price was set at 32-5/8 dlrs, representing a
premium of 20.38 pct over yesterday's Atari share close of 27
dlrs.
 REUTER

Thailand's improving economy may have
helped its trade and finance position but it has also created
major problems for local banks, Thai and foreign bankers said.
    They said a 900 mln dlr saving from cheaper imported oil
and 19.7 pct export growth last year contributed to the
country's first current account surplus in 20 years.
    But the bright picture, together with a government program
to help farmers cope with depressed commodity prices, coincides
with sluggish investment by a private sector still feeling the
lingering effects of the 1984-86 recession.
    Thai banks have had growing surplus funds and difficulties
finding borrowers since the third quarter of 1986.
    Kunthon Narkprom, head of the budget and planning division
of Thai Farmers Bank Ltd, estimated excess liquidity in banks
peaked last month at 60 billion baht, three times what he
considered normal. Bank of Thailand figures show total deposits
in 1986 grew 12.7 pct to 627.7 billion baht, while lending rose
only 3.4 pct to 548.6 billion.
    The lending/deposit ratio, which measures bank loans as a
percentage of deposits, fell to 86.6 pct last month, the lowest
since the 1970s, after averaging 96.6 pct in 1985.
    Thai banks have cut lending and deposit rates a record six
times since January 1986, during which time the average minimum
loan rate fell to 11.5 pct from 15.5 and the gross one-year
fixed deposit rate to 7.25 pct from 11.
    Five banks announced last week they would cut their maximum
lending rates to small borrowers by one percentage point to 14
pct.
    Kunthon of Thai Farmers estimated banks now have a combined
80 billion baht unused overdraft line as many small and
medium-size companies delay borrowing in anticipation of more
cuts in interest rates.
    The record liquidity has seriously hurt the profits of
banks, which have been forced to invest idle funds in low-yield
government securities.
    Kunthon said the banks hold four to 10 billion baht in
short-term government bonds bought through the Bank of
Thailand's bond repurchase facility, double the normal amount.
    Thailand's 16 local commercial banks registered one of
their worst years in 1986, with overall profits falling over 30
pct after a 14 pct decline in 1985.
    Kunthon said profits should increase 10 pct this year as
the banks adjust to the new interest rate structure.
    Olarn Chaipravat, senior executive vice president of Siam
Commercial Bank Ltd, told reporters last week the liquidity
problem stems partly from the fact most loan demands come from
businesses seeking funds for small, labour-intensive projects.
    He said there are few large, capital-intensive projects and
many borrowers go offshore to meet their requirements.
    Somboon Chinsavananond, Thai Farmers' fund management
executive, said liquidity has been aggravated by the central
bank's policy of fixing a stable baht-dollar exchange rate
which permits Thai companies to import dollar-denominated funds
with a minimal risk of currency exchange losses.
    He said underlying bearishness towards the U.S. Dollar has
encouraged foreign borrowers who hope to pay less on loan
principal when their loans mature.
    Thai bankers said central bank governor Kamchorn Sathirakul
last month rejected a request to increase a 10 pct withholding
tax on interest on foreign loans, a measure they said would
reduce foreign borrowings. The governor replied the bankers
should extend more loans to rural areas instead.
    Bankers said some Thai banks have offered credit-worthy
clients loans at near money market rates of seven to eight pct
in a bid to compete with foreign funds.
    A market analyst at Siam Commercial Bank said bank lending
at such rates amount to about 15 pct of all loans extended by
the industry.
    A foreign banker, who requested anonymity, said the
"segmented market approach" used by Thai banks for setting
different lending rates has caused dislocation of funds in the
financial sector, eroded bank profits and prevented banks from
taking a more logical move of further cutting interest rates.
    He said the liquidity problem gives the Bank of Thailand a
perfect opportunity to assert more control on the Thai money
market.
    The Bank of Thailand is taking "a step in the right
direction" by planning to float three billion baht in bonds to
mop up part of the surplus, he said, but he added the bank has
been lax in using its bond repurchase window as a tool to
absorb or inject liquidity into the market.
    William Wu, head of the Treasury Unit of Chase Manhattan
Bank N.A., Said the money market lacks the instruments to
absorb liquidity and avoid sharp interest rate fluctuations.
    He said the liquidity has fuelled the stock market's
strongest rally in seven years and Thailand should seize the
opportunity to develop the corporate bond market.
 REUTER

Thai zinc ingot exports fell to 882
tonnes in March from 1,764 in February and 3,008 in March 1986,
the Mineral Resources Department said.
    A spokesman for Padaeng Industry Co Ltd, the country's sole
exporter, attributed the decline to the company's lower stocks,
which averaged 5,000 tonnes in the first quarter against 16,000
tonnes in late 1985 when it began exporting.
    The department said major buyers included China, Japan, the
Philippines, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan.
    Thailand exported 4,842 tonnes of zinc ingots during the
first quarter, down from 14,937 a year ago.
 REUTER

The issue price of the European
Investment Bank's 300 mln guilder 6.25 pct bullet bond due
1995, announced on April 1, has been set at par, lead manager
Amro bank said.
    Subscriptions remain open until 1300 gmt tomorrow, April 9.
    Payment is due May 14 and coupon date is May 15.
 REUTER

Negotiations between mining
companies and the National Union of Mineworkers are foundering
and mines could face a May Day work stoppage, the Chamber of
Mines said.
    It said the union had called off talks on a specific issue,
the introduction of a Labour Day on May 1.
    The union refused a request to give advance notification of
the names of workers who would be working on May 1 rather than
taking the option of a paid holiday, the Chamber said.
    It said mining companies wanted advance notice in order to
plan their operations.
    "The union is adamant only employees who wish to work on
Labour Day should notify management," the Chamber said.
    "This raises the prospect that the mines will once again
face stay-away action on May 1 and that the employees who do
not work will once again forfeit pay."
    It said the union accepted all the proposals except giving
advance notification for May 1.
    It said miners had been offered a full paid holiday on May
1 or a premium of six pct of their basic monthly pay for
working that day.
 REUTER

, the Norwegian
subsidiary of the U.S.-based bank, said it made a net loss of
just over six mln crowns in 1986 -- although foreign bankers
said they expect it to show 1987 profits after two lean years.
    Citibank's Oslo treasury head Bjoern Sejerstad told
Reuters, Citibank, one of seven foreign bank subsidiaries
operating in Norway, lost money because of restructuring for
investment banking away from commercial banking and an economic
slump in Norway following last year's plunge in oil prices.
    Foreign banks have been allowed to operate susbidiaries in
Norway since 1985.
    Foreign banking analysts in Oslo said access to Norway's
second-hand securities and equities markets, to be approved
later this spring, and lower primary reserve requirements would
make profit this year.
    Citibank lost 490,000 crowns in Norway in 1985, but
Sejerstad said a profit was likely this year because of planned
liberalisation and better economic performance, helped by a
steadier oil price of around 18 dlrs a barrel.
    Earlier this year, Chase Manhattan Bank's &lt;CMB.N>
subsidiary decided to stop foreign exchange trading after heavy
losses and focus instead on fee-based merchant banking.
 REUTER

A sharp fall in the dollar price of
zinc and the depreciation of the U.S. Currency created
unfavourable economic conditions for Vieille Montagne SA
&lt;VMNB.BR> in 1986.
    It said in a statement that the two factors led to a
squeeze on refining margins and an 18.24 pct fall in sales and
services income despite an unchanged level of activity.
    Vieille Montagne, which is actively pursuing a
restructuring program, reported a 198 mln franc net loss, after
187 mln francs in provisions for the closure of an electrolysis
plant, compared with a 250 mln franc net profit in 1985.
 REUTER

The ministries of Finance and Justice
said they have presented parliament with a new law to make
insider trading in shares a criminal offence.
    A year ago, the Amsterdam Bourse announced its own rules,
effective from January 1, 1987, aimed at preventing unfair use
of inside information in the trading shares listed on the
exchange, but said back-up legislation was essential.
    The proposed law calls for up to two years imprisonment,
fines of up to 100,000 guilders for an individual and one
million guilders for a company, and repayment to the state of
profits made from insider dealing.
    The proposed fines are higher than any currently in force
in Dutch law, a joint statement from the two ministries said.
    The draft law sets no limit to the illegal profits to be
repaid. The amount would be determined by a court.
    A Finance Ministry spokesman said the time-frame for the
introduction of the new legislation depended entirely on its
reception in Parliament.
    In the meantime the Bourse's Share Trading Association
monitors business closely, frequently suspending or even
rescinding dealings in a stock when price movements suggest
that foreknowledge of a pending announcement is being
exploited.
 REUTER

The Saitama Bank Ltd is issuing a 100 mln
dlr convertible eurobond due March 31, 2002 paying an indicated
two pct and priced at par, the bank's London office said. The
issue is being lead managed by Saitama Bank (Europe) SA.
    The deal is available in denominations of 5,000 dlrs and
will be listed in Luxembourg. Final terms will be set on April
15.
    The selling concession is 1-1/2 pct while management and
underwriting each pay 1/2 pct. The payment date is May 6 and
there will be a short first coupon period.
 REUTER

Westpac Banking Corporation is issuing a
50 mln Australian dlr eurobond due May 6, 1990 paying 14-1/2
pct and priced at 101-1/4 pct, lead manager Deutsche Bank
Capital Markets said.
    The non-callable bond is available in denominations of
1,000 and 10,000 Australian dlrs and will be listed in
Luxembourg. The selling concession is one pct, while management
and underwriting combined pays 1/2 pct.
    The payment date is May 6.
 REUTER

Finland's national oil company Neste Oy
&lt;NEOY.HE> said in a statement it had agreed with Canadian firms
to study the feasibility of building a plant in Edmonton,
Canada, to produce a replacement for lead in petrol.
    The prospective plant would cost an estimated 270 mln
Canadian dlrs and would produce methyl tertiary butyl ether
(MTBE) from raw materials available locally, it said.
    The partners in the study are Neste Oy, Celanese Canada
Inc, Hoechst Celanese Corporation and Trade Mountain Pipe Line
Company Ltd, of Vancouver, B.C.
    The Edmonton site was suitable because of the raw materials
availability, the proximity to pipeline transportation and the
important capital and operating advantages gained by locating
on an existing Celanese Canada site, the statement said.
    The partners would look into the feasibility of a plant
producing 500,000 tonnes per annum of MTBE, an octane enhancer
that can replace tetra ethyl lead.
    Most of the MTBE would be targeted for the United States
where lead levels in gasoline are being lowered because of
health concerns, the statement added.
    Canadian lead limits are currently 11 times as high as the
U.S. Limit but lead is scheduled for virtual elimination in
Canada by 1993, which should create a Canadian demand for MTBE,
it said.
    Finland's Neste Oy, whose turnover last year was over five
billion dlrs, has extensive experience with MTBE. It has a
major investment in an MTBE plant in Saudi Arabia.
    The Edmonton, Alberta plant would be scheduled to go on
stream in late 1989, the statement said.
 REUTER

Deputy prime minister Kim Mahn-je said
South Korea is studying various measures to reform what he
described as its underdeveloped bank and financial sector.
    Kim, who is also economic planning minister, told a news
conference the country's banks and finance houses had not
developed to keep pace with their industrial counterparts.
    He said two major factors had hampered the development of
the financial sector -- high inflation and heavy government
intervention in bank decision-making.
    He said in the past the government had pressed banks to
give soft loans to industry to boost economic growth.
    Kim said the government would now give top priority to
interest rate liberalisation. This could be achieved within
several years, though not within one year.
    He said liberalisation was possible because South Korea's
current account had turned from a deficit to a surplus, which
had brought in foreign funds and increased domestic savings.
    The current account recorded a surplus of 4.65 billion dlrs
in 1986 after a deficit of 890 mln dlrs in 1985.
    But Kim said the government needed to reorganise much of
the financial sector.
    Kim said mergers of some financial companies and the
upgrading of others to merchant banks or full banks were being
considered by the financial development committee of the
finance ministry. He did not elaborate but said he expected no
drastic measures to be announced this year.
    On liberalisation of the country's stock market, Kim said
despite Seoul's determination to open it up, free investments
there by foreigners would not be allowed in the near future
because the market was currently "over-heated." He said this was
due to ample liquidity created partly by the country's current
account surplus.
    Kim said the market was extremely vulnerable to a sudden
influx of foreign funds because it was still very small in
terms of size and numbers of shareholders.
    "Opening up the capital market must wait until the
vulnerability to such an influx is removed," he said.
    He said only about one mln South Koreans, out of a
population of 40 mln, invest in the Seoul market.
 REUTER

The People's Construction Bank of
China is launching its first international borrowing by
mandating four foreign banks for a 150 mln U.S. Dlr loan, one
of the lead managers Banque Indosuez said.
    The other three lead managers are Bank of Tokyo, Citicorp
International Ltd and the Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd.
    The 10 year loan has a 4-1/2 year grace period. Interest is
set at 1/8 percentage point over London interbank offered rate
for the first eight years, rising to 1/4 pct for the remaining
two years. There is a 3/16 pct management fee and an
unspecified, but very small, commitment fee.
    Syndication of the loan is expected to start soon and it
should be signed in Shanghai next month.
    The Construction Bank, which is one of four specialist
banks in China, focuses on infrastructure and heavy industrial
projects.
    The funds raised will partly finance two ethylene factories
near Shanghai. Construction of the plants, which are a major
item in the current five year plan, will begin soon.
    The plants will cost more than 300 mln dlrs. The remainder
of the funds will come from export credits and domestic
borrowings.
 REUTER


******Tokyo stock market index rises 128.34 to record close of 22,912.99
Blah blah blah.



Mafina BV of Voorburg, a subsidiary of
Petrofina SA &lt;PETB.BR>, is issuing a minimum 200 mln franc
seven year bond with warrants, paying two pct, lead manager
Credit Suisse said.
    The issue is guaranteed by the Belgian parent.
    The warrant exercise period is from May 1, 1987 until May
20, 1991. Each 5,000 franc note carries nine warrannts, each of
which entitles the holder to buy one share in the company at
10,800 Belgian francs each.
    Payment is due April 30.
 REUTER

 filed suit in Tokyo
District Court to temporarily halt the manufacture and
marketing of &lt;Seiko Epson Corp>'s NEC-compatible personal
computer series, an NEC spokesman said.
    He said Seiko Epson's PC 286 computer and HDD-20 interface
board infringe on software copyrights of the Basic In Out
System program of NEC's best-selling 9801 computer series.
    A spokesman for Seiko Epson, which is part of the Hattori
Seiko Co Ltd &lt;HATT.T> group, said its computer does not
infringe on any copyrights and will be marketed this month.
    The HDD-20 interface board went on sale last December.
    NEC's request for an injunction against Seiko Epson and its
marketing subsidiary is the first entirely domestic lawsuit
charging infringement of computer software copyrights, the
Seiko Epson spokesman said.
    Share market analysts said that NEC controls about 70 pct
of Japan's personal computer market.
    Introduction of NEC-compatible machines could spark a price
war and cut NEC's profits, as happened to International
Business Machines Corp &lt;IBM> following the introduction of
IBM-compatible machines, they added.
 REUTER

Malaysia has decided to postone
development of a five billion dlr hydroelectric power project
in Sarawak, East Malaysia, until the economy improves, deputy
Minister of Energy, Telecoms and Post Zainal Abidin Zin said.
    He told reporters a shortage of funds forced the government
to shelve the project, which involved building several dams and
a 20,000 megawatt capacity undersea cable.
    Malaysia originally planned to export electricity generated
by the project to Singapore, Brunei and Indonesia by 2000 if
the project could be started before 1996, Zainal said.
 REUTER

1986 Year
    Net loss after exceptional charges 198 mln francs vs profit
    250 mln
    Exceptional provisions for closure of Viviez electrolysis
    Plant 187 mln francs vs exceptional gain 22 mln
    Sales and services 16.51 billion francs vs 20.20 billion
    Proposed net dividend on ordinary shares nil vs 110 francs
    Company's full name is Vieille Montagne SA &lt;VMNB.BR>.
 REUTER

The five-nation &lt;International Aero
Engine> (IAE) consortium has decided not to go ahead with the
proposed launch of its Superfan engine, a spokesman for
consortium member &lt;Rolls-Royce Plc> said.
    He said a group board meeting had concluded that a launch
would have been premature given the risks involved in trying to
meet an availability date of Spring, 1992 required by airlines.
    However, he added that the project had not been cancelled
and could be offered later on.
    The engine was originally proposed for fitting on the
&lt;Airbus Industrie> A340.
    IAE's members are Rolls, United Technologies Corp's &lt;UTX.N>
Pratt and Whitney, Fiat SpA &lt;FIAT.MI> &lt;Japanese Aero Engines
Corp> and &lt;MTU> of West Germany.
    Airbus said this week it would switch to the Franco-U.S.
CFM-56-S3 alternative because of doubts whether the Superfan
would be ready on time.
    Rolls, which has been state-owned since 1971, launches its
"pathfinder" prospectus giving preliminary details of its public
flotation later today.
    Analysts said that the timing of the postponement of
Superfan -- an 30,000 pound thrust upgrade of the consortium's
V2500 engine fitted to the A320 -- was embarrassing but should
not be considered a serious blow. If anything, it indicated the
financial prudence of the group, one added.
    The Rolls spokesman added that the decision did not affect
the V2500 programme itself. Equally, there was the possibility
that the consortium would go ahead with the Superfan later on.
    Rolls RB211 engine was not available for fitting to early
versions of the Boeing Co &lt;BA.N> 747 but had since captured
about 25 pct of the market, he noted.
 REUTER

Kuwait's oil-reliant and debt-ridden
economy has started to pull out of a nosedive but oil prices
will determine the pace of recovery, bankers and economists
say.
    Crucial will be the ability of the 13-member OPEC to hold
oil prices around a new benchmark of 18 dlrs a barrel in the
northern hemisphere summer when demand usually slackens.
    Bankers estimate the economy, measured in terms of gross
domestic product (gdp), shrank 19 pct in real terms last year
after contracting 8.1 pct the year before.
    This was after taking into account inflation in consumer
prices of 1.5 pct in 1985, slowing to 1.0 pct in 1986.
    Factors depressing economic activity include the
6-1/2-year-old Iran-Iraq war on Kuwait's doorstep, which
threatens the emirate's vital oil export lifeline through the
Gulf and has sapped business confidence.
    But sentiment received a much-needed boost in September
when, after a series of piecemeal steps to combat a debt crisis
caused by the 1982 crash of local stock market, a comprehensive
new debt settlement program was introduced.
    The share crash, result of a speculative spree in forward
trading, left 95 billion dlrs of post-dated cheques in default.
    The cheques were also used as collateral for consumer
spending, thus generating an informal credit system.
    Much of the debt has been watered down but big sums are
still owed by individuals and companies.
    There was some 4.4 billion dinars (about 15.7 billion dlrs)
in outstanding bank credit at the end of 1986, of which
one-quarter to one-third was estimated by bankers to rank as
bad or doubtful debt. But the government has repeatedly said it
will not allow any banks to go under.
    The new debt settlement scheme entails a rescheduling of
problem credit over 10 to 15 years, depending on whether
debtors have regular cash flows or not.
    Banks' shareholders and depositors will have their rights
guaranteed by the government -- an edict of vital significance
in a country of only 1.7 mln people where the financial sector
is the biggest after oil.
    Kuwait is better placed than any other OPEC country to ride
out the oil glut, bankers and economists say.
    Kuwait has an OPEC quota of 948,000 barrels per day (bpd)
compared with production capacity of 4.0 mln bpd mentioned last
year by Oil Minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah.
    But strategic diversification into downstream operations in
Europe several years ago and a hefty refining investment at
home gives it guaranteed markets abroad and enables it to sell
over one-half of its output as high-grade refined oil products.
    Oil industry sources say Kuwait is able to get an average
2.00 dlrs a barrel more by selling oil in the form of processed
product such as gas oil, kerosene and naphtha, rather than as
crude.
    Bankers say the rebound in oil prices is the major reason
for cautious optimism. Other reasons are low domestic
inflation, a bottoming out of the fall in imports in recent
years and signs government spending on productive sectors will
remain steady.
    External accounts are in good shape, with an estimated 1.8
billion dinar current account surplus in 1986, 16 pct below
that for 1985, but still an achievement in the recession-hit
Gulf.
    Kuwait's petrodollar reserves in mid-1986 were put
officially at over 80 billion dlrs, earning investment income
of the equivalent of about 3.65 billion dlrs a year.
    But for the first time since the end of the oil boom, these
reserves may not be enough to prevent a "real" budget deficit for
the 1986/87 fiscal year ending June 30, bankers say.
    In a budget portrayed by bankers as mildly contractionary,
revenues for 1986/87 were cut 38.6 pct and spending 11 pct,
doubling the nominal deficit to 1.33 billion dinars.
    This left out income from state reserves, usually excluded
in official budget accounting, which are forecast by bankers at
up to 1.0 billion dinars in 1986/87, resulting in some
shortfall.
    Bankers say it is too early to venture a forecast for
economic growth this year or next.
    "It depends on oil prices," one said. "This summer is
important."
    Cabinet Affairs Minister Rashid al-Rashid said last Sunday
the cabinet has ratified recommendations to rationalise state
spending in favour of productive sectors and reactivate the
economy.
    He gave no details but bankers say these are expected to be
spelled out in the 1987/88 budget, possibly in June.
 REUTER

 plans to float
off the around 5,000 public houses belonging to its U.K.
Subsidiary Courage Ltd to raise about one billion stg, Elders
strategy executive director Stuart Kelso said.
    The scheme, subject of speculation in a Scottish newspaper
yesterday, was fairly well advanced, but not certain to go
ahead. "There could be road blocks," he added.
    The earliest flotation date would be June, though the sale
will probably be later. Elders would retain a one-third
interest in the property interests under the current plan.
    No immediate use has been earmarked for the funds raised.
    Kelso said float plans currently include an offering of
debentures to institutional investors and issues of ordinary
shares and convertible stock for sale to the public.
    Elders bought Courage from Hanson Trust Plc &lt;HNSN.L> last
year for 1.4 mln stg. The deal followed Elders' unsuccessful
efforts to expand into the U.K. Drinks industry by acquiring
Allied-Lyons Plc &lt;ALLD.L>.
    Hanson acquired Courage when it took over Imperial Group
Plc early last year. The Elders plan to raise funds from
Courage is a variant of the its earlier scheme to sell off 50
pct stakes in the Allied-Lyons pubs to their publicans, market
sources added.
 REUTER


****** Bundesbank allocates 6.1 billion marks in 28-day repurchase pact at 3.80 pct
Blah blah blah.



Major Japanese automakers are gearing up
to equip sporty models with four-wheel steering, a feature that
could become standard on high-grade cars in the future,
automotive industry sources said.
    Two companies are ready to market such cars soon, they
said. Honda Motor Co Ltd will sell its Prelude with four-wheel
steering from this Friday, and Mazda Motor Corp officials say a
model with the new steering will be out by mid-year. Mazda aims
to ship the cars overseas before year-end but the decision will
depend on initial consumer reaction.
    Nissan Motor Co Ltd has offered a less sophisticated
four-wheel steering system on its Skyline since August 1985.
Toyota Motor Corp has exhibited its developments in the field
at a recent motor show and Mitsubishi Motors Corp said it will
use the system in the near future.
    Though major U.S. And European automakers have also
researched and tested the four-wheel system, they say they are
waiting to see consumer response to the Japanese cars and for
further improvements in safety and costs.
    Four-wheel steering allows drivers to easily manoeuvre into
parking spaces and gives more control on sharp turns. 
    Mazda officials believe the new steering will improve
safety. "At extremes, four-wheel steering gives a driver more
control," said one official. "On slippery surfaces or at high
speeds, the system reduces unnecessary movement of the vehicle."
    While acknowledging the added vehicle stability, a Honda
engineer said: "This invention is not intended to improve
safety, but is aimed at allowing everyone to drive easily."
    Mazda's electronic steering system tells the back wheels to
turn in the opposite direction from the front wheels at slow
speeds but in the same direction at high speeds.
    Honda's system, which is mechanical, is similar but the
direction of the rear wheels is determined by the angle of the
front wheels. With Nissan's system the rear wheels move only
parallel to the front.
    Automakers say professional drivers who have tested the
four-wheel steering say it greatly improves handling.
    An official with one U.S. Vehicle manufacturer said
four-wheel steering is a technical improvement, but it is
uncertain whether it will translate into higher sales or
profits. "All automakers are interested in something new," he
said. "If it becomes a predominant factor, everyone will want to
follow."
    The official said four-wheel steering is partly a gimmick
to sell cars. "It's a benefit of a secondary nature compared
with devices for fuel economy or emission control."
    General Motors Corp has developed a four-wheel steering
system, but is unlikely to market it within the next five
years, Y. Hojoh, engineer with the Japan branch of General
Motors Overseas Corp, said. GM must consider the costs to the
consumer, he added.
    The industry sources said the additional cost of the system
in Japan would probably make little difference to the consumer
as it would be added to already high-priced models.
 REUTER

Talks between
employers and unions in the West German engineering industry
over pay and working hours broke down without result late last
night, an official from the IG-Metall union said.
    IG-Metall, Western Europe's largest union, is reviving its
campaign for a 35-hour working week and is demanding a five pct
pay increase. Strikes for a 35-hour week in 1984 brought West
Germany's automobile industry virtually to a standstill.
    The result of the 1984 campaign was a compromise reduction
in working hours to 38.5 from 40.
    The talks which broke down yesterday were in the key North
Wuerttemberg/North Baden area, which generally sets the trend
for the rest of the country.
    IG-Metall official Ernst Eisenmann, speaking last night,
blamed the failure of the negotiations on the employers. He
said they had been uncompromising on the question of the
shorter week.
    Hans-Peter Stihl, negotiating for the employers, said any
plan to reduce working hours gradually to 35 hours was
unacceptable. 
    The employers have not made an official offer on cutting
the working week, but sources involved in the negotiations say
that they are working on the basis of a possible half-hour
reduction from next year and a pay increase of 2.7 pct in 1987
and of 1.5 pct in 1988.
    The Union will propose that the negotiations be officially
declared a failure and then a process of arbitration is likely.
    IG-Metall has said that cutting the working week will
create jobs in West Germany where more than two mln people are
unemployed. IG-Metall itself has about 2.5 mln members.
    IG-Metall has already been staging a series of "warning
strikes" to press home demands for the 35-hour week.
    Yesterday, 23,000 engineering workers struck at 90 plants
for one to two hours, according to an IG-Metall statement.
    Among the strikers were 4,000 at a Daimler-Benz AG &lt;DAIG.F>
plant in Bremen, and 3,100 at Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> Ford-Werke AG
plant in Saarlouis.
 REUTER

 said the
consortium it is leading will pay 76.55 mln dlrs for the
acquisition of CRA Ltd's &lt;CRAA.S> &lt;Forrest Gold Pty Ltd> unit,
reported yesterday.
    CRA and Whim Creek did not disclose the price yesterday.
    Whim Creek will hold 44 pct of the consortium, while
&lt;Austwhim Resources NL> will hold 27 pct and &lt;Croesus Mining
NL> 29 pct, it said in a statement.
    As reported, Forrest Gold owns two mines in Western
Australia producing a combined 37,000 ounces of gold a year. It
also owns an undeveloped gold project.
 REUTER

China's industrial output rose 14.1 pct
in the first quarter of 1987 against the same 1986 period, the
People's Daily said.
    Its overseas edition said the growth rate, which compares
with a target of seven pct for the whole of 1987, was "rather
high" but the base in the first quarter of 1986 was on the low
side. Industrial output grew 4.4 pct in the first quarter of
1986.
    It said China's industrial production this year has been
normal but product quality and efficiency need further
improvement. It gave no further details.
 REUTER

 and Kawasaki Heavy
Industries Ltd &lt;KAWH.T> have jointly won an order to build 200
subway cars worth about 200 mln dlrs for the Metropolitan
Transportation Authority of New York, a Nissho spokesman said.
    The cars, to be produced with 51 pct U.S. Content, will be
delivered between early 1988 and August 1989, he said.
    Ten will be built in Japan, but the others will be made at
a Yonkers, New York, plant equally owned by Nissho and
Kawasaki.
 REUTER

Indonesia expects crude palm oil (CPO)
prices to rise sharply to between 450 and 550 dlrs a tonne FOB
sometime this year because of better European demand and a fall
in Malaysian output, Hasrul Harahap, junior minister for tree
crops, told Indonesian reporters.
    Prices of Malaysian and Sumatran CPO are now around 332
dlrs a tonne CIF for delivery in Rotterdam, traders said.
    Harahap said Indonesia would maintain its exports, despite
making recent palm oil purchases from Malaysia, so that it
could possibly increase its international market share.
    Indonesia, the world's second largest producer of palm oil
after Malaysia, has been forced to import palm oil to ensure
supplies during the Moslem fasting month of Ramadan.
    Harahap said it was better to import to cover a temporary
shortage than to lose export markets.
    Indonesian exports of CPO in calendar 1986 were 530,500
tonnes, against 468,500 in 1985, according to central bank
figures.
 REUTER

Western Mining Corp Holdings Ltd
&lt;WMNG.S> (WMC) said it will establish a new joint venture gold
mine in the Northern Territory at a cost of about 21 mln dlrs.
    The mine, to be known as the Goodall project, will be owned
60 pct by WMC and 40 pct by a local W.R. Grace and Co &lt;GRA>
unit. It is located 30 kms east of the Adelaide River at Mt.
Bundey, WMC said in a statement
    It said the open-pit mine, with a conventional leach
treatment plant, is expected to produce about 50,000 ounces of
gold in its first year of production from mid-1988. Annual ore
capacity will be about 750,000 tonnes.
 REUTER

Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it forecast a
shortage of around 250 mln stg in the money market today.
    Among the main factors affecting liquidity, bills maturing
in official hands and the take-up of treasury bills will drain
some 505 mln stg, while bills for repurchase by the market will
remove around 194 mln. In addition, a rise in note circulation
and bankers' balances below target will each drain around 110
mln stg.
    Partly offsetting these outflows, exchequer transactions
will add some 690 mln stg to the system today.
 REUTER

Bangladesh is expected to draw up a 47
billion taka development plan for the 1987/88 fiscal year
beginning July 1, Finance Ministry officials said.
    This is a rise of six pct over the current year. They said
86.5 pct of the funds would come from foreign sources.
    Bangladesh will seek nearly two billion dlrs to be used for
development projects and imports in 1987/88 at a donors'
meeting in Paris later this month, the officials said.
 REUTER

Malaysia is launching a 100 mln Swiss
franc 5-3/4 pct 10-year notes issue priced at 100.2 pct, lead
manager Swiss Bank Corp said.
    Payment date is expected to be April 22. Early redemption
is not allowed.
    Swiss Bank Corp said this is the first time Malaysia has
tapped the Swiss capital market since it issued a bond here in
July 1985.
 REUTER

Federal Realty Investment Trust is
issuing a 75 mln dlr convertible eurobond due April 30, 2002
paying an indicated coupon of 5-1/4 to 5-1/2 pct and priced at
par, lead manager Salomon Brothers International said.
    The issue has a put option after seven years which will be
priced to give the investor a yield in line with current seven
year U.S. Treasury bond. Final terms will be fixed on April 9.
    The selling concession is 1-1/2 pct while management and
underwriting each pay 1/2 pct. The issue is available in
denominations of 1,000 and 10,000 dlrs.
 REUTER

The coupon on the 25 mln dlr equity
warrant eurobond for Keihanshin Real Estate Co Ltd has been set
at 2-1/8 pct compared with the 2-1/4 pct indication, lead
manager Daiwa Europe Ltd said.
    The exercise price has been set at 810 yen per share which
represents a premium of 2.53 pct over today's closing price of
790 yen. The exchange rate was set 146.30 yen to the dollar.
    The five-year deal is priced at par and guaranteed by the
Sumitomo Bank Ltd.
 REUTER

Hokuriku Electric Industry is issuing a
35 mln dlr equity warrant bond due May 7, 1992 paying an
indicated coupon of 2-1/8 pct and priced at par, lead manager
Nomura International Ltd said.
    The issue is guaranteed by Hokuriku Bank Ltd. The selling
concession is 1-1/2 pct while management and underwriting
combined pays 3/4 pct. Final terms are due April 16.
    The payment date is May 7 and the issue is available in
denominations of 5,000 dlrs. Listing will be in Luxembourg.
 REUTER

Soviet Deputy Foreign Minister Vladimir
Petrovsky said today Moscow felt "indignation and regret" at what
he called "truly hostile statements about the Soviet Union" made
by President Reagan.
    Reagan told reporters yesterday he was ordering a
high-level review of security at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow
following a sex-and-spy scandal there and said Soviet diplomats
would not be allowed to use a new embassy in Washington until
the U.S. Moscow mission was made secure.
    Petrovsky told reporters it was not accidental that
Washington had chosen this time, only a week before a scheduled
Moscow visit by U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz, to make
accusations against the Soviet Union.
    Objective conditions existed for improving Soviet-U.S.
Relations. "But it seems that someone in Washington fails to
appreciate this process and tries to poison the atmosphere," he
said.
 Reuter

South Africa's economic recovery
has broadened as favourable terms of a three-year foreign debt
rescheduling accord have given confidence to local business,
Liberty Life Association of Africa Ltd said.
    The major life assurance company said in its first quarter
review that economic activity improved in 1986 with car and
retail sales clearly rising, adding that South Africa's
economic future had "brightened considerably."
    Liberty said pre-conditions existed for further growth in
1987 despite longer term structural problems.
    Short-term interest rates were unlikely to rise markedly in
the near future and unemployment levels were stabilising, the
company said.
    But the report cautioned that South Africa's economy still
faced high inflation and "extremely fragile" consumer and
business confidence which could be upset by political events.
    It also predicted the rand was likely to remain basically a
weak currency despite its nine pct rise in the first quarter to
49.55 U.S. Cts. REUTER

Diversified building materials group
Monier Ltd &lt;MNRA.S> said talks are taking place which may lead
to Britain's Redland Plc &lt;RDLD.L> making an offer for the
Monier shares it does not already hold, chairman Bill Locke
said.
    Redland already holds about 49 pct of Monier's 156.28 mln
issued shares, he said in a brief notice to the Australian
Stock Exchange.
    Locke said shareholders would be advised as soon as the
discussions progressed and recommended that they keep their
shares.
    Monier shares were trading at a 1987 high of 3.10 dlrs
today, up from the previous peak of 2.80 at yesterday's close,
and well above the 1987 low of 2.18 dlrs.
    Monier is the largest concrete roof tile manufacturer in
Australia, the U.S. And New Zealand and the world's largest
marketer of fly ash, according to its annual report for 1985/86
ended June 30.
    It recently reported first-half 1986/87 net fell to 15.02
mln dlrs from 17.09 mln a year earlier due to the Australian
housing downturn, although foreign earnings rose.
 REUTER

The ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP)
has proposed expanding imports of 12 farm products named in a
U.S. Complaint against Japan to the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade last year, an LDP official said.
    The products include fruit juices, purees and pulp, some
tomato products, peanuts, prepared beef products and beans.
    The proposal will be used as the basis for a more detailed
LDP economic package to cut the trade surplus with the U.S. The
party is expected to formalise the package before April 19,
when LDP General Council Chairman Shintaro Abe visits
Washington.
 Reuter

Boeing Co's Boeing Commerical Airplane
Co said it selected an unducted fan engine for continued
development as the baseline engine for the advanced technology
7J7 airliner due to enter service in 1992.
    Boeing said it reached the decision following a three-month
study of &lt;International Aero Engine's> SuperFan concept and the
General Electric &lt;GE> UDF engine.
    Boeing said the UDF engine would up with a nine pct
advantage in fuel savings over the SuperFan on a typical
500-nautical-mile trip.
    Boeing said it wil proceed with detail design of the 7J7
and could launch the program in 1987 depending on the market
response. It will seat about 150 passengers, the company said.
 Reuter

2nd qtr March 31
    Shr 57 cts vs not given
    Net 790,874 vs 628,020
    1st half
    Shr 1.15 dlrs vs not given
    Net 1,588,985 vs 1,073,163
    NOTE: Company recently went public.
 Reuter

Shr 21 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 596,000 vs 594,000
    Revs 8,693,000 vs 8,164,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 61 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 1,784,000 vs 1,653,000
    Revs 26.3 mln vs 23.0 mln
 Reuter

The Tanzanian government raised
the price of beer, soft drinks and cigarettes by 20 pct and
telephone and telex calls by 10 pct in an attempt to keep its
budget deficit for this financial year roughly on target.
    The deficit for the financial year ending on June 30 was
initially forecast at 3,350 mln shillings and the new measures
will raise some 700 mln shillings in extra revenue, a statement
from the Ministry of Finance, Economic Affairs and Planning
said.
    According to the statement, the price increases, which take
immediate effect, were needed because the government had lost
tax revenue through lower than expected industrial production.
Water and power problems and a shortage of spare parts had
reduced the output of Tanzanian factories, it said.
    The ministry also announced a new 30 pct tax on goods
imported by non-resident businessmen and said the government
would take steps against importers who have been evading duty
in collusion with corrupt customs officials.
 REUTER

The Bank of Japan bought a small amount of
dollars shortly after the opening at around 145.30 yen, dealers
said.
    The central bank intervened as a medium-sized trading house
sold dollars, putting pressure on the U.S. Currency, they said.
    The dollar was also supported by a major electrical
consumer goods company, which was a speculative dollar buyer at
around 145.25 yen, they added.
    The dollar opened at 145.33 yen against 145.60/70 in New
York and 145.25 at the close here yesterday.
 REUTER

Federal Realty Investment Trust is
issuing a 75 mln dlr convertible eurobond due April 30, 2002
paying an indicated coupon of 5-1/4 to 5-1/2 pct and priced at
par, lead manager Salomon Brothers International said.
    The issue has a put option after seven years which will be
priced to give the investor a yield in line with current seven
year U.S. Treasury bond. Final terms will be fixed on April 9.
    The selling concession is 1-1/2 pct while management and
underwriting each pay 1/2 pct. The issue is available in
denominations of 1,000 and 10,000 dlrs.
 REUTER

The Bank of England said it provided the
money market with 53 mln stg assistance in the morning session.
    This compares with the bank's estimate of a shortage in the
system of around 300 mln stg which it earlier revised up from
250 mln.
    The central bank made outright purchases of bank bills
comprising 46 mln stg in band three at 9-3/4 pct and seven mln
stg in band four at 9-11/16 pct.
 REUTER

Shr 17 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 598,000 vs 392,000
    Sales 10.2 mln vs 7,474,000
    Avg shrs 3,432,000 vs 3,045,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 1.05 dlrs vs loss 47 cts
    Oper net profit 3,498,000 vs loss 1,427,000
    Sales 52.2 mln vs 40.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,320,000 vs 3,060,000
    NOTE: Latest year net excludes 782,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter

 said it will sell 150 mln
dlrs of adjustable convertible subordinated debentures to a
group of investment dealers led by Gordon Capital Corp.
    The debentures will be convertible into Noranda common
shares until April 29, 2007 at 35 dlrs per share.
    Interest rate will be five pct subject to upward adjustment
based on dividends paid on common shares, Noranda said.
 Reuter

 denied local
newspaper reports that China has been seeking to buy steel
plants from Japanese firms which plan to suspend output under
the recently announced rationalisation program.
    The Mainichi Shimbun quoted Nippon Steel as saying that
China's State Planning Commission and some Chinese firms have
asked Japanese makers to sell them steel works and rolling
mills to expand steelmaking cheaply. It named no sources.
    A Nippon Steel spokesman told Reuters that China has made
no such official request, and the company was not considering
such sales at the moment.
    But Mainichi quoted Nippon Steel officials as saying if
prices are reasonable, they would export their used mills to
China.
    The paper said China's crude steel output totalled 52 mln
tonnes in calendar 1986 and that it plans to increase to 80 mln
by 1996.
    Japan's steel industry rationalisation plan is aimed at
cutting production capacity sharply over the next few years.
 REUTER

Good rains of one to four inches in the
past 10 days have boosted moisture-stressed sugar cane crops in
the Mackay-Burdekin region of Queensland's central coast, an
Australian Sugar Producers' Association spokesman said.
    As previously reported, the region has been undergoing a
severe dry spell, partly relieved by scattered rainfall, since
December, following the virtual failure of the summer wet
season.
    Mills in the area have been reporting that their crops are
beginning to look healthy and greener and are putting on growth
since the rains began, the spokesman said from Brisbane.
    Although the Mackay-Burdekin crop outlook is much better
than it was, there will be some cane losses, the spokesman
said. But is too early to say what they will be and more rain
is needed to restore sub-soil moisture.
    Elsewhere, in far north Queensland, the Bundaberg region
and southern Queensland, the cane is in excellent condition and
some mills are forecasting record crops, he said.
    Initial 1987 crop estimates will probably be compiled
towards the end of May, he said.
    The cane crush normally runs from June to December.
 REUTER

National Bank Mortgage Corp is issuing a
100 mln Canadian dlr eurobond due May 18, 1992 with a nine pct
coupon and priced at 101-3/4 pct, McLeod Young Weir
International Ltd said as lead manager.
    The non-callable bonds will be guaranteed by the National
Bank of Canada. They will be issued in denominations of 1,000
and 10,000 dlrs and listed in Luxembourg.
    Gross fees of 1-7/8 pct comprise 1-1/4 pct for selling and
5/8 pct for management and underwriting combined. Pay date is
May 18. There will be two co-leads.
 REUTER

West Germany should take steps to increase
its official development assistance, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    A report by the organisation's Development Assistance
Committee (DAC) said German aid levels had shown only a
moderate increase in real terms in recent years, adding that
there was a risk that growth over the next few years might slow
further.
    German aid, estimated at around four billion dlrs in 1986,
represents 0.46 pct of the country's GNP. This is above the
DAC's average of 0.36 pct, but might decline if corrective
measures were not taken, the report said.
 REUTER

Shr 14 cts vs nine cts
    Net 217,572 vs 153,454
    Revs 2,530,273 vs 2,558,924
    1st half
    Shr 19 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 299,838 vs 174,739
    Revs 4,865,249 vs 4,495,021
 Reuter

The two sides in the Rotterdam port
general cargo dispute have agreed to appoint an independent
chairman, Han Lammers, to preside over future meetings,
employers' spokesman Gerard Zeebregts said.
    Lammers, Queen's Commissioner for the province of
Flevoland, will not act as a mediator but will draw up an
agenda and procedures for meetings between the employers and
unions on a work-practice agreement and proposed redundancies.
    Two months of strikes in the sector began on January 19 in
protest at employers' proposals for 350 redundancies from the
4,000-strong workforce this year.
    The strikes were called off by the main port union FNV on
March 13 following an Amsterdam court's interim injunction
against the redundancies on procedural grounds.
    The court is due to make a final ruling on May 7 but
Zeebregts said he expected the judgment to go against the
employers and they were therefore very likely to restart the
complicated legal redundancy procedures in the near future.
    Meanwhile, the dispute over a new work-practice agreement
in the port's grain sector continued, with 30 maintenance
workers on strike, although loading was not affected, a
spokesman for Graan Elevator Mij, the largest employer in the
sector, said.
    The employers have written to the union asking it to
reconsider its position and a meeting of union members has been
called for tomorrow.
 Reuter

Swedish unemployment was steady at 2.2
pct of the workforce in March compared with the previous month,
the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
    In March 1986, the figure stood at 2.4 pct.
 REUTER

M/A-Com Inc said it has
eliminated the post of cheif operating officer, which had been
held by president Thomas F. Burke until his recent election as
chief executive officer.
    The company said in a reorganization, it has named senior
vice president-corporate marketing James F. Bunker to the new
post of executive vice president and chief strategic officer,
giving him responsibility for corporate marketing, component
field sales, strategic planning, new business development and
the company's corporate technology center.
    The company said Richard H. Hale, president of the
components division, has been named executive vice
president-Components Group, giving him additional
responsibility for the semiconductor division and advanced
semiconductor operations.
    It said Harold C. Wells has been named executive vice
president-Systems Group, giving him responsibility for the
government systems division, Omni West subsystems division,
subsystems operations in Burlington, Mass., microwave power
devices operations in Hauppauge, N.Y., and the M/A-Com MAC
operation in Chelmsford, Mass.
    Wells had been co-president of the subsystems division.
 Reuter


******BACHE SECURITIES CANADA BUYS TORONTO EXCHANGE SEAT FOR 301,000 DLRS
Blah blah blah.



QVC Network Inc said its
agreement in principle with Safeguard Scientifics Inc &lt;SFE>
allows Safeguard to name the majority of QVC's directors only
if a seven mln dlr indebtedness to Safeguard is in default.
    Yesterday, QVC said announced it entered into the agreement
in principle with Safegaurd under which QVC would receive 13
mln dlrs in financing, including seven mln dlrs of QVC notes to
be purchase by Safeguard and a six-mln-dlr revolving credit
facility to be provided by a local bank.
    QVC said as long as the seven mln dlr indebtedness to
Safeguard remains outstanding, Safeguard will be able to name
three of QVC's nine directors. Safeguard's ability to name a
majority of QVC's directors will be triggered only if the seven
mln dlr indebtedness to Safeguard is in default, the company
said.
 Reuter

Japan should promote division of labour
with its Asian neighbours, especially the newly industrialized
countries, to help achieve more balanced world economic growth,
the Bank of Japan said in a report.
    Instead of trying to produce everything by itself, Japan
should open up its market further to imports, transfer
manufacturing facilities abroad and increase technology
transfer with those nations, the bank said in its monthly
report.
    Japan should not see industrializing Asian nations as mere
competitors in its overseas and domestic markets but as
countries that can contribute to the region's prosperity.
    The bank said trade relations between Japan and the Asian
neighbouring countries have so far been vertical, meaning that
Japan imports primary goods from those countries and exports
manufactured goods to them.
    But this has resulted in an increase in their trade
deficits with Japan while some newly industrialized Asian
nations have accumulated trade surpluses with countries like
the United States.
 REUTER

ASIX Systems, a developer of
test systems for ASIC devices, said it has received 4,800,000
dlrs in a second round of equity financing.
    The company said investors include first round participants
Paragon Partners, Citicorp &lt;CCI>, Vista Ventures, Rust Ventures
and Orien Ventures, plus new investors North Carolina Bank
Venture Co LP, RepublicBankCorp &lt;RPT> and ECI Ventures.
    It said it has now raised total capitalization of 8,600,000
dlrs.
 Reuter

Shr 28 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 20.6 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Sales 238.0 mln vs 188.8 mln
 Reuter

Shr 33 cts vs not given
    Net 642,484 vs 362,883
    NOTE: Company went public in October 1986.
    Net includes pretax loan loss provisions of 90,000 dlrs vs
56,250 dlrs and gain on sale of securities of 113,432 dlrs vs
88,946 dlrs.
 Reuter

Compaq Computer Corp said it expects
sales and earnings for the first quarter of 1987 to be higher
than analysts expectations due to strong demand for its
products.
    Rod Canion, president and chief executive officer of
Compaq, said he expects sales of over 200 mln dlrs for the
period ending March 31, above analysts' estimates of 165-185
mln dlrs. He added that earnings per share would exceed
analysts estimates of as high as 42 cts a share.
    Compaq reported earnings of 8.3 mln dlrs, or 30 cts a
share, and sales of 144 mln dlrs for the first quarter 1986.
    The company said demand for its DESKPRO 386, PORTABLE III
and the new COMPAQ DESKPRO 286 will contribute to the sales
increase.
    "The initial demand for the recently introduced COMPAQ
PORTABLE III and the new models of the COMPAQ DESKPRO 286
exceeds that of any other Compaq personal computers," Canion
said. "We saw continued demand for our personal computers
across the quarter, with March (1987) being a particularly
strong month.
 Reuter

Shr profit 63 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 775,868 vs 276,446
    Revs 2,255,742 vs 706,130
 Reuter

Shr primary 78 cts vs 68 cts
    Shr diluted 75 cts vs 68 cts
    Qtrly div six cts vs five cts
    Net 7,929,000 vs 6,569,000
    Revs 78.7 mln vs 61.9 mln
    NOTE: Pay date for the qtrly div is April 28 for
shareholders of record April 20.
 Reuter

4thh qtr Feb 28
    Shr 46 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,139,034 vs 854,182
    Sales 30.8 mln vs 20.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,280,854 vs 4,559,646
    Year
    Shr 1.34 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Net 5,935,117 vs 4,156,171
    Sales 107.2 mln vs 71.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,281,387 vs 3,616,183
    NOTE: Town and Country Jewelry Manufacturing Corp.
 Reuter

The European Community (EC) is expected to
award export licences at today's weekly tender for above 60,000
and possibly up to 100,000 tonnes of white sugar after last
week's award for 102,350 tonnes, traders here said.
    They expected a maximum rebate of between 46.40 and 46.50
Ecus per 100 kilos, compared to last week's 46.864.
    Earlier, traders in London said the outcome of the tender
was very hard to predict after last week's substantial award
and the placing of 785,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention.
They said they believed the tonnage would be around 60,000 but
declined to give a rebate figure.
 REUTER


said it expects to report consolidated group profit in 1986
significantly higher than the 60 billion lire reported in 1985.
    The company said in a statement that parent company net
profit last year will rise from the 72 billion lire reported in
1985. Consolidated group premiums totaled 1,700 billion lire in
1986 compared with 1,490 billion the previous year.
    Iniziativa Meta &lt;INZI.MI>, the financial services unit of
Montedison Spa &lt;MONI.MI>, controls the largest single stake in
Florence-based Fondiaria with 49.9 pct.
 REUTER

Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl
said a weaker dollar would be risky and a further appreciation
of the mark would damage prospects for sustained West German
economic growth.
    In a speech to the Institute of Contempory German Affairs
here, Poehl said "It would be an extremely risky policy to aim
for a further substantial decline in the value of the dollar to
correct the trade deficit."
    He said the United States could face a vicious circle of
depreciation, inflation and more depreciation if it took that
route.
    Poehl noted West Germany had already taken steps to meet
U.S. Demands for greater stimulation of its domestic economy,
accelerating tax cuts, cutting interest rates and tolerating
above-target money supply growth.
    He said he would have been happy to have brought forward
five billion marks of tax cuts now planned for January 1988 to
the beginning of this year, but he said the government faced
political constraints getting such measures through the upper
house of the West German parliament.
    But there were also limits to the impact West Germany could
accept on exports from a rising mark, he said.
    Poehl said West Germany relied on exports for about
one-third of its gross national product, so a substantial
erosion of export markets could not be offset by increasing
demand at home.
    "A further appreciation of the mark could even be an
obstacle to further growth," he said.
    Poehl said the Bundesbank had tolerated rapid money supply
growth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation and
because external factors, including low oil prices and
favourable terms of trade, had given some extra leeway.
    But Poehl said West Germany now faced a difficult dilemma
over monetary policy.
    The underlying rate of inflation was now two pct, not the
reported negative inflation rates last year, and West Germany
was affected more than before by exchange rate developments.
    "For the time being, we will have to focus our policy more
on the external side, and we can live with a more expansionary
money supply. But we must be very careful," he said.
    He said he shared some of the U.S. Concern about Japan's
trade surpluses, which affected European countries as well as
the United States.
    Poehl welcomed the so-called Louvre accord of monetary
officials of major industrialized countries, saying the
importance of the February 22 agreement to stabilize exchange
rates had been underestimated.
    All partners had agreed that the dollar was at about the
right level, and that further changes would damage growth, he
said.
    "This was a remarkable change in attitude, especially on the
part of our American colleagues," he said.
    But he said there was still a danger that the correction of
the dollar's value could overshoot.
 REUTER

California Biotechnology
Inc said it expects to report a loss of 1,300,000 dlrs to
1,600,000 dlrs for the first quarter due to increased
investment in research and manufacturing and a scaleup of
production.
    The company said research spending is running 50 to 60 pct
above a year ago as it tries to commercialize its products as
quickly as possible, and increased expenditures are expected to
continue for several more quarters.  It said operating results
will fluctuate quarter to quarter, depending on the timing of
significant payments from commercial partners.
    In the first three months of 1986, the company lost 150,000
dlrs.  The company changed its fiscal year in 1986 to a
calendar year from a year ending November 30.  For the first
quarter of last year, ended February 28, California Biotech
earned 114,000 dlrs.
 Reuter


******CONRAC CORP SAID IT HAS ENTERED TALKS ON ITS ACQUISITION WITH SEVERAL PARTIES
Blah blah blah.



NMR Centers Inc said it
has started building five mln dlr multi-modality Ocean Medical
Imaging Center in Toms River, N.J., and completion is scheduled
for November.
    It said the center should generate more than five mln dlrs
in annual revenues when fully operational.
    NMR said it is providing about 3,500,000 dlrs in equipment
and working capital and will manage the center, while Center
State Health Services Corp is financing construction of the
1,600,000 dlr building.
 Reuter

Great Lakes Chemical Corp
said it will build a new plant in El Dorado, Ark., to produce
several fluorine-based specialty chemicals.
    It said total cost of the project, which would employ up to
50 workers, is estimated in excess of 20 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

West German Finance Minister Gerhard
Stoltenberg said today's meetings of major industrial countries
would look at ways of strengthening the Paris accord on
stabilizing foreign exchange rates.
    Stoltenberg told journalists he saw no fundamental weakness
of the February 22 agreement of the Group of Five countries and
Canada to keep exchange rates near the then-current levels.
    But he declined to say what measures would be discussed
ahead of a communique of the Group of Seven ministers later
today.
    Stoltenberg and Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl said
the importance of the Paris agreement, also known as the Louvre
accord, had been underestimated.
    Stoltenberg said there is greater agreement now among major
countries than six months ago, at the time of the annual
meeting of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank,
marked by sharp discord between the United States and its major
trading partners.
    "There is no fundamental weakness of the Paris accord," he
said. "We will be looking at ways of strengthening it, but I do
not want to discuss that here.
    Stoltenberg said the Louvre agreement was working despite a
"slight firming" of the yen against the dollar.
    And Poehl noted that the dollar/mark parity was unchanged
since February 22 without the Bundesbank having had to sell
marks to support the dollar.
    "The Louvre agreement has been honored by the market," he
said.
    Poehl said West Germany had lived up to its side of the
bargain in Paris by preparing the way for tax cuts to be
accelerated as a way of stimulating growth.
    Poehl said, however, that Japan had not yet fulfilled its
pledges for economic stimulation.
    "And we will have to see if the United States is able to do
what they promised in Paris on reducing the budget deficit --
and get it through Congress," he added.
    Stoltenberg reiterated West German concern about a further
fall in the dollar, noting that the mark was up 85 pct against
the dollar and nearly 20 pct on a trade-weighted basis.
    "You cannot expect that to go unnoticed in an economy. And
it is not just a German problem, it is a European problem," he
said.
 REUTER

Fighting broke out between Palestinian
guerrillas and Shi'ite Moslem Amal militiamen near camps in
south lebanon as Syria prepared to extend its military presence
at Beirut's settlements.
    Security sources in the southern port of Sidon said the
clashes erupted in villages to the southeast between Amal and
guerrillas loyal to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
    Syria stepped in yesterday to halt battles at two Beirut
refugee camps but Amal said it would only lift its siege after
Arafat withdrew his men from the villages near Sidon.
 Reuter

President Quett Masire appealed for
international aid to combat the effects of a drought ravaging
land-locked Botswana for the sixth consecutive year.
    Speaking on state radio, Masire said the drought had
decimated herds of cattle and wiped out crops throughout the
mainly desert country, which would be forced to rely on South
Africa for most of its food supplies in the coming year.
    Masire said the government would also be forced to continue
a drought relief program until at least the end of 1988 to
provide emergency water supplies and supplementary food to
vulnerable sections of the population.
    "It is against this background that we appeal to the
international community for assistance," Masire said.
    He thanked foreign governments for previous assistance, but
added, "The needs of the people in rural areas are greater now,
not less. We must prevent the human suffering caused by
malnutrition."
 REUTER

Banking supervisory authorities are
not carrying out any special checks at banks in the wake of the
currency fraud scandal at Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>, a spokesman
for the Hesse regional state central bank, LZB, said.
    But inspectors are paying particular attention to foreign
exchange matters in their routine checks at banks, he said in
answer to enquiries. There is no evidence rules were broken.
    The LZB spokesman was commenting on press reports that
banks had "parked" open currency positions for short periods with
VW to circumvent regulations limiting the size of open currency
positions that can be carried by banks overnight.
    The press allegations emerged after VW said it may have
lost 480 mln marks as a result of a possible currency fraud.
    LZBs are regional branches of the Bundesbank. Their
inspectors also act for the Federal Banking Supervisory Office
in West Berlin, which regulates banking in West Germany.
    Following the 1974 Herstatt bank crash on currency
speculation, West Germany limited a bank's total open positions
overnight to 30 pct of shareholders' equity and reserves.
    German press reports have said some banks circumvented this
rule by selling excess positions to VW, then repurchasing them.
    The banking regulations only cover banks. Company foreign
exchange activities are not subject to the banking regulators.
    The LZB spokesman said there were no concrete signs that
the regulations had been broken, and it would be irresponsible
to instigate a special check just on the basis of the reports.
    The LZBs receive monthly balance sheet statistics from
banks in their areas, which they check, and they also routinely
inspect all banks in greater detail over longer periods.
    But LZB officials said it would be hard for inspectors to
detect a breach of these rules as they do not check companies
and therefore would not see both sides of any parking deal.
    "If the managements of the banks have not spotted them, it
will be even harder for our inspectors," said one official.
    It would be up to the public prosecutors to order special
checks on suspicion of breaches of these regulations, they
said. Prosecutors in Brunswick are already investigating the VW
currency scandal, and have ordered the arrest of VW's former
chief foreign exchange dealer.
    Breaches of the Banking Law in this way can be punished by
a 100,000 mark fine for the dealers involved, and in extreme
cases by removal of the managers if their active involvement is
proved.
 REUTER

Colorocs Corp said it has extended
the expiration of the exercise period for its Class A warrants
to May Eight from April 16.
    Each warrant allows the holder to buy a common share for
3.75 dlrs.
 Reuter

Bankers Trust New York Corp said it has
placed its approximately 540 mln dlrs of medium- and long-term
loans to Brazil on non-accrual status and that first-quarter
net income will be reduced by about seven mln dlrs as a result.
    Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68 billion dlrs
of medium- and long-term debt on February 22.
    U.S. banking regulations do not require banks to stop
accruing interest on loans until payments are 90 days overdue,
but Bankers Trust said it acted now because of "the high
potential of a continued suspension that would result in
reaching the 90-day limit in the second quarter of 1987."
    Assuming no cash payments at current interest rates are
received for the rest of 1987, Bankers Trust estimated that
full-year net income would be reduced by about 30 mln dlrs.
    Bankers Trust said it assumes that debt negotiations
between Brazil and its commercial bank lenders will lead to the
resumption of interest payments.
    The negotiations resume in New York on Friday when central
bank governor Francisco Gros is expected to ask banks for a
90-day rollover of some 9.5 billion dlrs of term debt that
matures on April 15.
 Reuter

Shr profit 20 cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 849,299 vs loss 82,512
    Revs 7,929,138 vs 3,849,224
 Reuter

Comstock Group Inc said it has
signed a letter of intent to sell about 20 mln dlrs of
convertible preferred stock to &lt;Spie Batignolles SA> of Paris'
Spie Group Inc U.S. subsidiary.
    Details were not disclosed.
 Reuter


******RUBBERMAID INC 1ST QTR SHR 28 CTS VS 22 CTS
Blah blah blah.



Shr profit 13 cts vs loss 33 cts
    Net profit 1,149,000 vs loss 2,833,000
    Rev 51.8 mln vs 47.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 24 cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 2,050,000 vs loss 1,551,000
    Rev 200.6 mln vs 180.1 mln
 Reuter

The Bank of England said it provided the
market with further help totalling 166 mln stg during the
afternoon.
    In band one, it bought 31 mln stg of treasury bills and
three mln stg of bank bills at 9-7/8 pct, while in band two it
bought 69 mln stg of bank bills at 9-13/16 pct. In addition, it
bought 63 mln stg of band three bank bills at 9-3/4 pct.
    This brings the total assistance by the Bank so far today
to 219 mln stg against a liquidity shortage it has estimated at
around 300 mln stg.
 REUTER

North Star Uranium Inc said it has
changed its name to West Coast Traders Inc to reflect its
business, the bulk importing of olive oil.
    The company said it plans to start distributing its Italia
Olive Oil brand, now sold on the West Coast, nationally.
    North Star Uranium had been inactive until it acquired West
Coast Traders in June 1986.
 Reuter

A total 118,350 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 46.496
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in the U.K. Received 37,800 tonnes, in
France 34,500, in West Germany 20,000, in Belgium 18,500, in
Spain 5,800 and in Denmark 1,750 tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had declined to give a
projected view on the level of subsidy although some said total
tonnage awards would be around 60,000 tonnes.
    Paris traders foresaw between 60,000 and 100,000 tonnes
being authorised for export at a 46.40/46.50 Ecu subsidy.
    Cumulative sales authorisations for the current season
(1986/87) now stand at 2,194,970 tonnes (43 weeks).
    Last week saw 102,350 tonnes whites authorised for export
under licences to end-Sep at the higest ever rebate of 46.864
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos.
 REUTER

Endotronics Inc said because of its
decisions to discontinue development of health care products,
reorganize under Chapter 11 and establish adequate allowances
for uncollectible receivables, it expects to establish reserves
totaling about 11 mln dlrs in the March 31 second quarter.
    The company said it plans to seek buyers for health care
technologies including proprietary rights to a Hepatitis B
Vaccine and technologies related to LAK cell cancer
immunotherapy.
 Reuter

February car production totalled 269,745
this year, up 27.2 pct on a year-on-year basis, the Automobile
Constructors' Association (CSCA) said.
    This brought total car output in the first two months of
the year to 504,266, a 14.1 pct year-on-year rise, it said.
 REUTER

Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd
&lt;JARD.HK> said it will withdraw the previously announced
four-for-one bonus issue of "B" shares and replace it by a
two-for-five bonus issue of ordinary shares.
    A statement said the firm expects to pay total dividends
for 1987 of not less than 40 cents a share on the expanded
capital.
    Jardine Matheson decided to withdraw its issue because of a
joint announcement earlier today by Ronald Li, chairman of the
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, and Securities Commissioner Ray
Astin, that the listings of new "B" shares would be barred.
    The official announcement said this will include the
proposal by Jardine Matheson.
    But the Jardine statement quoted chairman Simon Keswick as
saying: "We continue to believe that the issuing of "B" shares
would benefit shareholders, and regret that they will not be
given the opportunity to vote on the matter at this stage."
    Keswick said the "B" share issue will benefit Jardine
Matheson's shareholders by giving the firm flexibility to issue
ordinary shares for expansion in future without diluting
existing shareholders' voting rights.
    However, he added: "We certainly welcome (the Secretary for
Monetary Affairs) David Nendick's referral of this very
important matter to the Standing Committee on Company Law
Reform and are hopeful that the process will lead to the
development of general principles which can be embraced by all
constituents of the Hong Kong market."
 REUTER

California regulators said they
were seeking disciplinary action against the accounting firm
KMG Main Hurdman as the result of a 1985 audit of Technical
Equities Corp., an investment firm that filed for bankruptcy
last year.
    A spokeswoman for the California Board of Accountancy,
which certifies public accountants and firms in the state, said
a six-page complaint was filed against the New York-based
accounting firm.
    "We basically charged that the Technical Equities audit was
not conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards," Della Bousquet, executive officer for the board,
told Reuters in a telephone interview.
    She said a hearing would probably be held before an
administrative law judge within three months. Penalties could
range from censure to revocation of KMG Main Hurdman's license
to do business in California.
    KMG Main Hurdman merged last week with Peat Marwick
Mitchell of New York to become the world's largest accounting
firm.
    The San Francisco office of the firm declined to comment on
the board's allegations.
    Bousquet said the company, among other things, was accused
of not properly investigating financial transactions and of
issuing a favorable opinion in August 1985 that relied on
misrepresentations of Technical Equities management.
    She said the accounting firm, although it knew Technical
Equities had severe cash flow and liquidity problems, was
accused of not performing a proper audit of it.
    The complaint named four individuals, including two
partners and two audit managers.
    Technical Equities, based in San Jose, filed for protection
under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy laws in February 1986,
listing debts of 69.7 mln dlrs to 1,068 investors.
    Many of the investors were prominent sports and
broadcasting figures.
 Reuter

Iranian forces mounted fresh attacks on
the Gulf war southern front today but Iraq said all were
repulsed with heavy loss of life.
    The Iranian news agency IRNA said Iranian troops inflicted
severe losses on Iraqi troops and military equipment on the
second day of a new offensive east of Iraq's city of Basra.
    "A number of tanks and personnel carriers were seized intact
which were used against the enemy in the operational theatre,"
IRNA said.
    The Iraqi news agency INA said Iraqi forces beat back the
latest Iranian thrusts.
    Baghdad said earlier that the Iranians had gained "footholds"
on Iraqi territory after launching the offensive on three
fronts near Basra.
    IRNA said yesterday the Iranians overran the headquarters
of two Iraqi brigades west of Fish Canal, a defensive line
about 10 km from Basra.
 Reuter


******MEAD CORP 1ST QTR OPER SHR 1.09 DLRS VS 67 CTS
Blah blah blah.



The Province of Quebec is issuing a 30
billion yen eurobond due May 7, 1997 paying five pct and priced
at 102-1/2 pct, lead manager Bank of Tokyo International Ltd
said.
    The non-callable bond is available in denominations of one
mln yen and will be listed in Luxembourg. The selling
concession is 1-1/4 pct, while management and underwriting
combined pays 3/4 pct.
    The payment date is May 7.
 REUTER

The Philadelphia Stock Exchange will soon
open offices in Hong Kong and Tokyo to help boost Far Eastern
participation in foreign currency options before it starts
evening trading in four or five months time, exchange president
Nicholas Giordano told reporters.
    Japanese institutions are already major players in foreign
currency options traded in Philadelphia, using subsidiaries or
agents to trade during the current daytime session.
 REUTER

Norway will from June require finance
institutions and insurance companies to report lending volume
to the central bank once a month rather than quarterly in a bid
to tighten domestic lending, Finance Ministry officials said.
    Norwegian Bank Association President Trond Reinertsen told
Reuters the new rule would make it more difficult for banks to
transfer funds to financial and insurance companies for
lending.
    Banks have in the past used the two month lapse in loan
registration to transfer money for lending to finance and
insurance groups to avoid penalty reserve requirements for
lending in excess of government set ceilings.
    The new rule brings loan reporting requirements for
insurance and finance companies in line with those already
applied to commercial banks, Ministry officials said.
    Borrowers have increasingly sought loans from finance and
insurance companies after the central bank last year clamped
down on what it called excessive bank lending.
    Bank lending dropped by five billion crowns in January from
260 billion crowns the previous month in response to the
stricter penalty reserve requirements, Oslo bankers said.
    They said recent central bank cuts in the overnight rate it
charges banks might offset new pressure on interest rates.
 REUTER

 has issued a
prospectus through investment bankers Goldman Sachs and Co
seeking a buyer for &lt;Stauffer Chemical Co> of the U.S., Which
it acquired with the recent takeover of &lt;Chesebrough-Pond's
Inc>, a Unilever spokesman said.
    He noted Unilever has been indicating plans to dispose of
Stauffer, plus some smaller assets of Chesebrough, since the
bid was made in December.
    The Stauffer sale prospectus has been sent in recent weeks
to a number of companies expressing interest.
    The Unilever spokesman declined to say how much the group
expected to receive for Stauffer.
    Chesebrough's footwear and tennis racket businesses are
also likely to be disposed of, he added.
    Immediately available financial information on Stauffer,
which is wholly-owned, was limited, he added. Nine month sales
to September 1986 were about 1.2 billion dlrs.
    Unilever aquired Chesebrough for 3.2 billion dlrs in order
to benefit from its well-known toiletry brands and food
products.
 Reuter

Canadian Airlines International
said it agreed to purchase six Boeing Co 767-300ER (extended
range) aircraft, and options on eight more, for 1.6 billion
Canadian dlrs, including spare parts and training.
    Delivery will begin in April 1988 and run through April
1989, the company said.
    The airline said it plans to finance the new aircraft by
means of oeprating leases. Canadian Airlines was recently
formed through the merger of Canadian Pacific Airlines and
Pacific Western Airlines.
 Reuter

Senate Banking Committee Chairman
William Proxmire (D-Wis) said he planned to introduce
legislation shortly to require greater public disclosure of
corporate takeovers and fairer treatment for all shareholders.
    Speaking to the National Association of Manufacturers,
Proxmire said recent insider trading stock scandals increased
the chance that Congress will act to curb abuses.
    "We are proposing legislation that would provide for more
disclosure, would be fairer to all shareholders, and would
insure that takeovers are properly financed," he said.
    Among the provisions, the bill would reduce the threshold
for notifying the Securities and Exchange Commission that a
investor or group has acquired a percentage of stock in a
company to three pct from the current five pct threshold within
10 days, Proxmire said.
    In addition, there would be a pre-notificaton requirement
that an investor intended to aquire three pct that would have
to filed with the SEC.
    Proxmire said the pre-notification requirement was meant to
prevent arbitragers from having a jump on the general public in
knowing about coming takeover attempts.
    Proxmire said he would call for extending the period that a
tender offer must be kept open under the Williams Act to 60
business days from the current 20 business days.
    His bill would provide for private suits if the acquiring
company violated the time period on the tender offer.
    To correct abuses in the financing of takeovers, Proxmire
said the legislation would aim at insuring current margin
requirments are properly enforced.
    The Federal Reserve Board has a 50 pct margin requirement
for purchasing stock, but Proxmire said it is not generally
enforced in hostile takeovers.
    Rather, the groups or individuals leading a takeover
declare that they can raise the capital for a takeover without
actually putting any of their own money, Proxmire said.
    He said his bill would allow private suits for damages for
failure to meet the Federal Reserve's 50 pct margin
requirements.
    The bill also would require more disclose when several
investors form an alliance in a hostile takeover.
    "When Pickens and Icahn get together we want people to know
about it," Proxmire said.
    Proxmire said he favored the approach used in Britain
towards two-tiered tender offers that insures that all
shareholders recieve equal treatment.
    He said he expected amendments to the bill also would cover
defensive mechanisms such as green mail and poison pills.
    Proxmire said he intended to introduce his bill later this
month and predicted the Senate committee would act this spring.
    He said he was hopeful Congress could pass a bill this
year.
 Reuter


****** UK INTERVENTION BD SAYS EC SOLD 118,350 TONNES WHITE SUGAR AT REBATE 46.496 ECUS.
Blah blah blah.




******FORD EXTENDS INCENTIVE PROGRAM ON LIGHT TRUCKS TO APRIL 30 FROM APRIL SIX
Blah blah blah.



Cincinnati Bell Inc said it has started
its previously-announced 15.75 dlr per share tender offer for
all shares of Auxton Computer Enterprises Inc.
    In a newspaper advertisement, the company said the tender
and withdrawal rights will expire May Five unless extended. The
offer, which has been approved by the Auxton board and is to be
followed by a merger at the same price, is conditioned on
receipt of a majority of Auxton's voting stock on a fully
diluted basis.
 Reuter

The U.K. Government will inject 283 mln
stg gross into &lt;Rolls Royce Plc> when the company is floated at
the end of this month, the pathfinder prospectus for the sale
said.
    The government will offer all 635 mln existing shares, as
well as an unspecified number of shares created through the
capital injection, for sale to the public, the prospectus said.
    The sale price will be announced on April 28 and the offer
will close on May 7. Trading is expected to begin on May 19.
    The offer will be made in the U.K. Only and there will be
no offering of shares overseas, it said.
    No allocation will be made of more than 10 pct of the
shares in the company, and the government will hold on to a
"golden share" to secure that the aero-engine manufacturer
remains under U.K. Control, the prospectus said.
    Chairman Sir Francis Tombs said in the prospectus special
arrangements were being made for U.K. Employees and pensioners
of the company to buy shares on a preferential basis.
    Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Paul Channon said
the capital injection of 283 mln stg would ensure the company
had a sound a balance sheet when it returned to the private
sector after 1971.
 REUTER

Conrac Corp sait has started
negotiations with several interested parties on its possible
acquisition.
    It said there can be no assurance that any transaction will
result from the talks.  It gave no further details.
    Mark IV Industries Inc &lt;IV> started tendering for all
Conrac shares at 25 dlrs each on March 24 and owned 9.9 pct of
Conrac before starting the bid.
    Conrac is a producer and marketer of computer-related
information display and communications equipment which also
produces special purpose architectural and industrial products.
    It owns Code-A-Phone Corp, a producer of telephone
answering machines.
    For 1986, the company reported profits of 7.8 mln dlrs, or
1.16 dlrs a share, on sales of 153.9 mln dlrs. It has nearly
6.8 mln shares outstanding.
 Reuter

I.U. International Co said it
reached a preliminary agreement to sell the Hawaiian Insurance
Cos to Hawaiian Electric Industries Inc. &lt;HE>.
    Terms of the transaction were not disclosed, the company
said.
    The transaction is subject to the execution of definitive
agreements, certain governmental approvals and approvals by the
boards of directors involved, I.U. International said.
    Hawaiian Electric said the planned purchase was part of its
strategy to increase the company's investment in selected
service industries in Hawaii, including financial services.
 Reuter

The French government won, as expected, a
vote of parliamentary confidence sought by Prime Minister
Jacques Chirac on his general policies.
    Votes from Chirac's Gaullist RPR party and its junior
partner in the ruling coalition, the centre-right UDF, gave
Chirac's cabinet a slim majority in the National Assembly.
    A total of 294 deputies in the 577-member assembly voted to
support Chirac, with 282 voting against. One member was absent.
    The Socialists, Communists and the extreme-right National
Front voted against the prime minister's call.
 REUTER

Negotiations between mining
companies and the National Union of Mineworkers are foundering
and mines could face a May Day work stoppage, the Chamber of
Mines said.
    It said the union had called off talks on a specific issue,
the introduction of a Labour Day on May 1.
    The union refused a request to give advance notification of
the names of workers who would be working on May 1 rather than
taking the option of a paid holiday, the Chamber said.
    It said mining companies wanted advance notice in order to
plan their operations.
    "The union is adamant only employees who wish to work on
Labour Day should notify management," the Chamber said.
    "This raises the prospect that the mines will once again
face stay-away action on May 1 and that the employees who do
not work will once again forfeit pay."
    It said the union accepted all the proposals except giving
advance notification for May 1.
    It said miners had been offered a full paid holiday on May
1 or a premium of six pct of their basic monthly pay for
working that day.
 REUTER

Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) Vice Minister Makoto Kuroda leaves for
Washington today with data he hopes will refute U.S. Charges
Japan has violated a pact on microchip trade.
    A three-man Japanese trade team is already in Washington
laying the groundwork for talks between Kuroda and Deputy U.S.
Trade Representative Michael Smith aimed at persuading the U.S.
Not to impose tariffs on certain Japanese products.
    But Kuroda said he is taking no new proposals. "I have
nothing in my briefcase except an explanation of the current
situation," Kuroda told the daily newspaper Asahi Shimbun.
    Kuroda said the U.S. Decision was based on incorrect data
and an exaggerated sense of MITI's power to control market
forces. "The U.S. Has excessive expectations. To stabilise
supply-demand relations which have been disrupted by excess
inventories since 1985 will take some time," he said.
    Kuroda also laid part of the blame for low U.S. Chip sales
in Japan on a lack of effort by American firms here.
    He said if he fails in talks tomorrow and Friday to
forestall sanctions, he will seek further talks with U.S. Trade
Representative Clayton Yeutter. U.S. Officials said this week's
talks are unlikely to delay imposition of tariffs.
 REUTER

Saitama Bank Ltd is issuing 100 mln Swiss
francs of convertible notes due September 30, 1992, paying an
indicated 1-1/4 pct, lead manager Credit Suisse said.
    Terms will be set on April 15 with payment due May 6.
    The conversion period is from May 20, 1987 until September
18, 1992.
 REUTER


******JARDINE MATHESON SAID IT SETS TWO-FOR-FIVE BONUS ISSUE REPLACING "B" SHARES
Blah blah blah.



 unit
Thyssen Guss AG, a metals group, said it had agreed to
cooperate with Canadian firm &lt;Cercast Inc> to manufacture fine
casting products.
    Both companies would merge plants in the West German towns
of Soest and Moers under a new company in which the two groups
would have equal shares in a capital of three mln marks.
    A spokeswoman for Thyssen Industrie AG, which holds 100 pct
of Thyssen Guss, said the joint-venture should produce turnover
of an annual 40 mln marks. Thyssen Industrie is held 90 pct by
Thyssen AG.
 REUTER

The government will provide new
guarantees for up to three billion H.K. Dlrs in financing
instruments to be issued by the government owned &lt;Mass
Transport Railway Corp>, bringing the total to 9.1 billion
dlrs, Financial Secretary Piers Jacobs said.
    He told the Legislative Council the instruments would
replace existing longer term government guaranteed export
credit debt obligations.
    A total of 1.5 billion dlrs in government guaranteed export
credit debt obligations are due to mature in two years.
 REUTER

Qtly div 8-1/2 cts vs 8-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 20
 Reuter

Hauser Chemical Research Inc said
it has been contracted by Allied Signal Inc's Allied Fibers
division for research consulting on further development of
improved adhesion of polyolefin fiber through photografting.
    Hauser said it previously completed the successful first
phase of this research effort.
 Reuter

Mead Corp said the outlook for its
major paper markets looks strong for the second quarter and
augurs well for its earnings in 1987.
    "The generally strong outlook bodes well for significantly
improved earnings this year," Burnell Roberts, chairman and
chief executive officer said.
    Earlier, the company reported first quarter earnings of
34.2 mln dlrs, or 1.09 dlrs a share, versus 20.3 mln dlrs, or
65 cts a share, in last year's first quarter.
    In 1986 the company reported earnings from continuing
operations of 109.3 mln dlrs, or 3.50 dlrs a share.
    Mead said its first quarter benefitted from stronger market
conditions and improved operations.
    "The combination of capital improvement programs and more
employee involvement has been paying off throughout our paper
operations," Roberts said.
    He added that Mead's pulp and paperboard businesses are
operating well as prices have improved and strong demand has
placed most products in a sold-out position through the middle
of the year.
    Mead said sales of its unbleached coated paperboard was
particularly strong, up 13 pct versus the first quarter 1986.
 Reuter

Equitable Resources Inc said it filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration
statement covering a 75 mln dlr issue of units.
    Each unit will consist of a 1,000 dlr face amount 25-year
debenture with up to 21 five-year warrants to purchase the
company's common stock. Each warrant will equal one share. The
debentures will be non-refundable for 10 years.
    Proceeds will be used to repay short-term loans incurred to
finance part of Equitable's 1986 capital expenditure program
and the redemption of 9-5/8 pct and 10-1/2 pct first mortgage
bonds of 1995. First Boston will manage the issue.
 Reuter

The first Malaysian investment fund
for foreign investors will be launched in the United States
market next month to raise between 60 to 69 mln dlrs, &lt;Arab
Malaysian Merchant Bank Bhd> (AMBB) said.
    The fund, called &lt;Malaysian Fund Inc>, will be jointly
sponsored by the merchant bank and the International Fund
Corporation of the World Bank, said AMBB in a statement.
    The two institutions, together with Merrill Lynch Capital
Markets &lt;MER> and Morgan Stanley Inc &lt;MS>, are underwriters for
the fund, it added.
    AMBB said its wholly-owned subsidiary &lt;Arab Malaysian
Consultant> will be the fund's Malaysian investment adviser
while &lt;Morgan Stanley Asset Management Inc> will manage it.
    It added that 80 pct of the money raised will be used to
invest in shares of Malaysian companies on the Kuala Lumpur
Stock Exchange and the remaining in unlisted shares.
    AMBB said the fund will expose the Malaysian market to US
and Japanese investors and help develop the local capital
market.
 REUTER

Inflation was by 8.8 pct in Indonesia
during fiscal 1986/87 to March 31, compared to 5.66 pct the
previous year, Information Minister Harmoko said after a
cabinet session to discuss the economic situation.
 REUTER

The fully state-owned Dutch
chemical firm NV DSM &lt;DSMN.AS> said its 1986 net profit rose to
412 mln guilders from 402 mln in 1985, while turnover fell to
17.7 billion guilders in 1986 from 24.1 billion in 1985.
    The company said 1986 dividend, which will be paid to the
Dutch state in its capacity of the firm's sole shareholder,
would be raised to 98 mln guilders from 70 mln guilders in
1985.
    In an initial comment on its 1986 results, DSM said the
drop in 1986 turnover had been caused mainly by losses in the
company's fertilizer division.
 REUTER

China's foreign debt is very low given
its export capability, the size of its economy and its growth
potential and the country is politically stable, Jean-Maxime
Leveque, chairman of Credit Lyonnais, told reporters.
    Leveque, who has met the heads of most of China's banks
including the president of its central bank during a visit
here, said the Chinese authorities are very attentive to its
foreign debt and have the matter under control.
    Official figures show China's foreign debt at a post-1949
record 16 billion dlrs at end-1986.
    Asked if he had advised China to borrow more francs and
U.S. Dollars and less yen, Leveque said he had not offered any
advice, but added: "The yen and the dollar are not stable, but
the ECU is stable."
    Asked if his bank has lost any confidence in China after
the resignation of Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang in January,
he said: "We have total confidence in the political stability in
China. The policies of the open door and economic development
outlined in 1979 will not change, although there may be
fluctuations in speed."
 REUTER

Australian trade unions said they have
launched week-long strikes and other industrial action in New
South Wales, NSW, to protest against new laws that would reduce
injury compensation payments.
    Union sources said talks with the state government broke
down last night, but the two sides are scheduled to meet later
today in an attempt to find a compromise.
    Rail freight and shipping cargo movements in the country's
most populous state were the first to be affected, and union
officials said almost every business sector will be hit unless
there is a quick settlement.
    The state government recently introduced a new workers'
compensation act which would cut the cash benefits to injured
workers by up to a third. The act is now awaiting parliamentary
ratification.
    NSW state premier Barrie Unsworth has said workers'
compensation has risen steeply in recent years and the proposed
cuts would save hundreds of mlns of dollars a year.
    Union officials said industrial action could spread to
other states as the federal government also plans to make sharp
cuts in workers' compensation.
 Reuter

Italy's majority Christian Democrats have
handed in their resignation from the five-party government in
which they are senior partners, Deputy Prime Minister Arnaldo
Forlani said.
    Forlani, president of the party, said he had handed a
letter of resignation by the Christian Democrats, who make up
more than half the 30 member cabinet, to the office of Prime
Minister Bettino Craxi.
    Political sources said the withdrawal of the Christian
Democrats meant the coalition -- which also includes
Republicans, Social Democrats and Liberals as well as the
Socialists -- had collapsed.
 Reuter

A top U.S. Official said Japan has little
chance of persuading the U.S. to drop threatened trade
sanctions, despite the efforts of a Japanese team that left for
Washington today.
    Michael Armacost, Under Secretary of State for Political
Affairs, was asked at a press conference whether Japan's moves
to boost its domestic economy and open its markets could
persuade the U.S. Not to impose tariffs on Japanese imports
said, and replied: "...It is probably too early for the figures
to demonstrate that the situation has turned around and to
permit the result you have described."
    Armacost said the U.S. Hopes Japan will take steps to lift
its domestic economy and reduce dependence on exports, remove
barriers to imports and settle outstanding trade issues.
    "There are obvious problems at the moment in the trade area,
but we do not wish those problems to divert attention from
important areas of cooperation that continue to exist on
security and political issues," he said.
    "The question is whether through cooperative actions between
our governments we can reduce the (trade) imbalance or whether
Congress takes action to reduce it through protectionist
legislation," he said.
 REUTER

A sharp oil price decline and sharp
fluctuations of exchange and interest rates in 1986 produced a
mixed economic performance by the Association of Southeast
Asian Nations (ASEAN), a United Nations study said.
    The annual report of the U.N. Economic and Social
Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) said the
international economic environment reversed the fortunes of the
trade-oriented economies of the six ASEAN member countries.
    It said the already low 1985 growth rates of ASEAN's oil
exporting countries -- Brunei, Malaysia and Indonesia --
dropped further after the oil price fall.
    Three oil importers -- Singapore, the Philippines and
Thailand -- improved their performance mainly by restructuring
their economies. But the report said the oil price fall reduced
export earnings, worsening economic prospects for the
exporters.
    The exporters' non-oil commodity prices did not show major
improvement and protectionist pressures from industrial
countries restricted export of manufactured products, it said.
    The GDPs of Indonesia, which was 1.9 pct in 1985, and
Malaysia, which fell a real one pct, barely grew in 1986.
    The two countries, buffeted by unfavourable external
factors in the past few years, were forced to curb aggregate
domestic consumption demands last year to avoid severe balance
of payments pressures and to resort to extensive commercial
borrowings.
    The U.N. Body said the economic outlooks of Singapore,
Thailand and the Philippines improved steadily in 1986 as the
year advanced. It said the most favourable factor benefiting
the three was the realignment of key currencies, especially the
appreciation of the yen, which has resulted in the increased
competitiveness of their exports against those from Japan.
    The report said the downward spiral plaguing the Philippine
economy since 1983 was reversed into an estimated 0.9 pct GDP
growth in 1986 with agriculture and public utilities becoming
growth sectors.
    It said the resumption of the Philippines' sustained growth
rests largely on a satisfactory solution of its debt problem.
    ESCAP said the yen appreciation, together with economic
restructuring measures, played a big role in helping Singapore
recover faster than expected from its 1.8 pct GDP decline in
1985.
    It said the Singapore GDP achieved a growth of over one pct
last year after registering positive growth from the second
quarter.
    The Singapore economic revival was hampered by its own
adjustment measures especially its two-year wage freeze
enforced last April, a glut of its property market and
depressed conditions in its ASEAN neighbours which hurt
Singapore because they take about a quarter of its total
exports.
    The report said Thailand benefited from the changing world
economic environment far more than any of its ASEAN neighbours.
    The Thai performance stemmed from the expansion o its
non-traditional export items last year to cover more
manufactured products and its greater exploration of
unsaturated export markets such as Asia, the Middle East and
the European Community.
 REUTER

Britain and Japan clashed today over U.K.
Demands for greater access to the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) as
trade tensions between the two countries mounted.
    British consumer affairs minister Michael Howard told
reporters he was dissatisfied with the exchange's response to
Britain's non-negotiable timetable for increased British
membership and warned of possible reprisals in the future.
    He described his meeting with Tokyo stock exchange (TSE)
head Michio Takeuchi, in which he demanded greater exchange
access, as "very frank indeed."
    In a separate press conference, TSE President Michio
Takeuchi said the exchange has done its utmost to liberalise
its membership and called on Britain to make some concessions.
    According to Takeuchi, Howard wants three British firms to
be named members of the Tokyo stock exchange by the end of this
year. Neither Takeuchi nor Howard would name the companies.
    "Next May is the earliest possible date for opening our
membership and I want the British government to understand
this," Takeuchi said.
    Membership cannot be increased before space on the trading
floor is expanded in May 1988, he said.
     Howard told reporters that was not good enough and said
that Britain would use its powers to ban Japanese financial
institutions from London if it was not satisfied with Tokyo.
    Japan has until the next meeting of senior officials from
the two countries in May or June to come up with a postive
response to the British timetable or face retaliation, he said.
    "The timetable was constructed in a way that made it a very
reasonable request and I expect it to be met," he said.
    Asked about the exchange's argument that it has no floor
space to expand membership, Howard replied, "We find it very
difficult in our country to understand why the considerable
ingenuity and resourcefulness of the Japanese (in world
markets) is unable to overcome problems of that kind."
    While here, Howard said he also expressed frustration with
the huge trade imbalance with Japan and with Tokyo's handling
of demands by Britain's Cable and Wireless for a greater role
in Japan's telecommunications business.
    According to Japanese newspaper reports, at least some of
that message may have penetrated.
    According to several reports, the Post and
Telecommunications Ministry is considering a Cable and Wireless
proposal for a telephone cable between Japan and the U.S.
    Ministry officials were unavailable for comment.
 REUTER

Rubbermaid Inc said its incoming
order rates continue strong and it expects to continue
recording favorable year to year comparisons in each remaining
quarter of 1987.
    Today the company reported first quarter earnings of 20.6
mln dlrs on sales of 238.0 mln dlrs, up from earnings of 16.1
mln dlrs on sales of 188.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

 said it has formed
&lt;Meridian Energy Corp>, a privately-owned holding company
structured to acquire operating companies ans assets in the oil
and gas industry.
    Mason Best, a Texas-based merchant banking firm, said it is
sponsor and largest shareholder of Meridian. The new company's
chairman and chief executive officer is  Ralph E. Bailey, who
retired as vice-chairman of Du Pont Co &lt;DD> and chairman of its
Conoco Inc subsidiary on March 31.
    Meridian is headquartered in Dallas with an administrative
office in Stamford, Conn.
 Reuter


to buy back 38.1 mln sequestered shares from United Coconut
Planters Bank (UCPB) has been hit by two new lawsuits, sources
in the Philippine food and brewery company said.
    A Manila court yesterday issued an injunction barring UCPB
from selling the shares, which represent 31 pct of SMC's
outstanding capital stock of 121 mln shares, until hearings on
April 21 on a petition filed by Eduardo Cojuangco, a former
chairman of both SMC and UCPB.
    Cojuangco said the Coconut Industry Investment Fund (CIIF)
and 1.4 mln farmers were the rightful owners of the shares.
    Cojuangco said the shares were held in trust by UCPB and
represented a blue chip investment. His petition said UCPB's
plans to sell the shares to SMC were "a serious breach of
fiduciary duties."
    The SMC sources said the proposed share sale could also be
held up by a second derivative suit filed before the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) by Eduardo de los Angeles, a
government nominee on the company's board.
    De los Angeles, who represents SMC's minority stockholders,
asked the SEC to block the transaction, approved last week by
the company's board.
    On April 2 the board sanctioned the repurchase of the
sequestered shares for 4.79 billion pesos at 126 pesos per
share. De los Angeles told the SEC the company's retained
earnings of 1.33 billion pesos would be wiped out by the
purchase of the shares and would prevent the declaration of
dividends.
    De los Angeles said the share purchase would also violate
an SMC agreement with its creditors to maintain a 2.2-to-1 debt
to equity ratio. He quoted SMC's chief financial director Ramon
del Rosario as telling the board that the transaction would
boost the ratio to 2.5-to-1.
    In petitioning the SEC, de los Angeles amended an earlier
suit two weeks ago in which he charged SMC Chairman Andres
Soriano III and nine other directors of violating their duties.
    De los Angeles' earlier complaint related to SMC assuming
last December a 26.5 mln dlr loan contracted by SMC's Hong Kong
subsidiary &lt;Neptunia Corp> for a down payment on the shares.
The loan assumption was again ratified by last week's board
meeting.
    An arbitration panel set up by President Corazon Aquino to
resolve the ownership issue is expected to submit its report by
April 15.
    "The amended suit filed by Eduardo de los Angeles is part of
a continuing attempt by certain elements, in complete disregard
of the facts and with questionable motives, to delay an early
disposition of the sequestered shares," San Miguel Corp said in
a statement.
    "Coming as it does, when San Miguel Corp and UCPB have
reached agreement on the price of the shares and the method of
payment, this suit is in direct contravention of the
government's expressed desire to reach an amicable settlement
of the controversy by April 15," the statement added.
    A San Miguel spokesman said he had no comment on
Cojuangco's court petition, adding: "Any statement coming from
us might be interpreted as adversarial."
    Meanwhile, Ramon Diaz, the head of a government panel which
sequestered the shares last year, said Soriano was not eligible
to buy the major portion of the shares because he was a United
States citizen.
    The sequestered shares are split into 24 mln "A" shares,
which can only be owned by Filipinos, and 14 mln "B" shares which
are available to foreign buyers.
    SMC sources said Soriano personally was not among
prospective buyers. They said the shares would be purchased by
the &lt;A.Soriano> group of companies, SMC, Neptunia and unnamed
institutional investors. Soriano was named as one of the buyers
in a bid in March 1986 for 33 mln shares controlled by UCPB.
    The sale was aborted when Diaz's Presidential Commission on
Good Government sequestered the shares on suspicion they were
owned by Cojuangco, a close associate of former President
Ferdinand Marcos. Cojuangco lives in self-imposed exile in the
U.S.. The shares grew to 38.1 mln after a 15 pct stock dividend
announced last June.
    "We have no objection to Soriano buying the "B" shares," Diaz
told Reuters. "But everything is on hold now."
    The SMC spokesman said he did not know if the controversy
would be resolved before the company's annual stockholders'
meeting, scheduled for May 14.
    San Miguel Corp reported sales revenue of 12.2 billion
pesos in 1986, 11 pct above its 10.9 billion peso sales in
1985. It said unaudited net profit was in the neighbourhood of
700 mln pesos, an increase of about 50 pct over 1985.
 REUTER

Tug crews in New South Wales (NSW),
Victoria and Western Australia yesterday lifted their ban on
foreign-flag ships carrying containers but NSW ports are still
being disrupted by a separate dispute, shipping sources said.
    The ban, imposed a week ago over a pay claim, had prevented
the movement in or out of port of nearly 20 vessels, they said.
The pay dispute went before a hearing of the Arbitration
Commission today.
    Meanwhile, disruption began today to cargo handling in the
ports of Sydney, Newcastle and Port Kembla, they said.
    The industrial action at the NSW ports is part of the week
of action called by the NSW Trades and Labour Council to
protest changes to the state's workers' compensation laws.
 Reuter

The issue amount of Mafina BV's seven
year two pct Swiss franc bond with equity warrants has been set
at 250 mln Swiss francs, lead manager Credit Suisse said.
 REUTER

 will pay no
dividend for the first half year ending April 30, 1987, as the
company is expected to mark a 12 billion yen parent company
current loss in the first half due to slow exports caused by
the yen's appreciation, a company spokesman said.
    The company has paid no dividend since the year ended
October 31, 1983, when it paid five yen.
    It had a 4.44 billion yen current profit in the first half
of 1985/86.
 REUTER

 said it now
holds 14.9 pct of the issued capital of Standard Chartered Plc
&lt;STCH.L> after acquiring further shares.
    The one-sentence statement from Bell's headquarters
confirmed what its brokers Warburg Securities told Reuters in
London yesterday.
    Bell previously held 10 pct of Standard.
    Bell chairman Robert Holmes a Court, who is also a director
of Standard, was not available for comment on his company's
intentions in boosting its holding and other company officials
contacted here by Reuters declined to comment.
 REUTER

Nickel prices are unlikely to rise
significantly from current levels unless further steps are
taken to reduce production, Shearson Lehman Brothers said in
its quarterly nickel market report.
    The market had recovered slightly to around 1.72 dlrs a lb
yesterday from its four year low of 1.55 dlrs in early January,
due to the absence of Soviet nickel cathode deliveries, but
Shearson sees Soviet shipments soon returning to last year's
buoyant levels, which should ease current tightness.
    Output reductions by producers will take effect later this
year but are likely to be offset by increases elsewhere.
    Shearson said the nickel market will be virtually in
balance during 1987, with total non-Socialist world demand at
556,000 tonnes, compared with an estimated 544,000 tonnes in
1986, production at 505,000 tonnes (504,000) and imports from
Socialist countries at 47,000 tonnes (50,000).
    It forecast prices will edge higher during the year from a
first quarter average of 1.67 dlrs a lb up to 1.77 dlrs in the
last quarter. The year's average will be around 1.72 dlrs a lb
compared with 1.76 dlrs in 1986, using London Metal Exchange
cash metal prices in dollar terms and assuming an average 1987
sterling exchange rate of 1.55 dlrs.
 REUTER


***CANADIAN AIRLINES TO PURCHASE SIX BOEING 767 AIRCRAFT
Blah blah blah.



Varian Associates Inc said it
has received a three-year contract worth over 30 mln dlrs from
Toshiba Corp to supply anode X-ray generating tubes for
Toshiba's line of computerized tomography scanners.
 Reuter

Shr 20 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 1,358,000 vs 2,476,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 26.2 mln
    Avg shrs 6,852,000 vs 7,764,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 68 cts vs 1.05 dlrs
    Net 4,957,000 vs 8,129,000
    Revs 82.6 mln vs 78.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,316,000 vs 7,754,000
 Reuter

Shr 55 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 494,000 vs 204,000
    Avg shrs 896,655 vs 494,155
 Reuter

Shr nil vs nil
    Net 215,000 vs 16,000
    Revs 2,800,000 vs 1,100,000
    Nine mths
    Shr one ct vs nil
    Net 620,000 vs 231,000
    Revs 8,100,000 vs 2,100,000
 Reuter
